Senior Biomarker Scientist Vacature - Genmab - Utrecht | Indeed.nlGenmab is an international biotechnology company specializing in the invention and development of differentiated human antibody therapeutics for the treatment of cancer and other important human diseases.

The Role

The Biomarker Scientist will serve on a Compound Development Team (CDT) as the Translational Research group representative and will be the leader for the Translational Research and Biomarker strategy for the project. This position has several main functions. The Biomarker Scientist will enrich oncology translational/biomarker projects through interaction with the Translational Research group and external leaders to ensure common scientific standards for their project. The Biomarker Scientist will establish external scientific collaborations as needed, and will manage the experimental plan, timelines, deliverables, scientific outlines of the contracts/material transfer agreements/or research plans and will communicate results to the broader project teams when such collaborations are finalised

Key Accountabilities

Develops and drives the Translational Research/biomarker strategy for specific Genmab projects.

Responsible for communicating this TR strategy to CDT, CDT subteams, and the broader TR and research organizations across Genmab.

For early programs, the TR leader will be responsible for overseeing the TR strategy that will ultimately lead to IND submission and approval and preparation for clinical development.

For late stage programs, the TR leader will be responsible for overseeing the TR strategy that contribute to clinical development and development decision making (ie: dose selection using PD markers, patient selection using predictive biomarkers, indication selection based on translational research data, etc).

Establishing and maintaining collaborative relationships with internal and external functional experts that can contribute to the TR strategy.

Regular reporting of TR/Biomarker data to the CDT and Genmab senior management.

Responsibility for the Translational/Biomarker sections in Clinical protocols, Investigator Brochures, Compound Development Plans generation of Clinical Study Reports

Managing the outstanding or in-house coordination of proposed analysis within clinical trials.

Compliance and meeting projected timelines for project deliverables (e.g. protocol outlines, protocols, informed consent, strategy documents, analysis reports, etc.)

Must be capable of working with international project teams, and travel will be approximately 25%.
Skills & Experience

The Biomarker Lead will hold a Ph.D. or an M.D./Ph.D. in Molecular Biology or related field with at least five (5) or more years of applicable biomarker, program management, clinical trial and/or research experience.

This person will have a strong background in tumor biology and three or more years of pharmaceutical or biotechnology industry research experience.

The candidate will have a strong publication record demonstrating relevant experience in clinical trials, early drug development, drug discovery or biomarkers.

The candidate must have strong communication skills and sufficient experience in drug discovery and/or early development to represent a diverse biomarker group on a compound development team (CDT) and to communicate goals and deliverables to senior management and governance committees throughout Genmab.
Other

Genmab employees work with determination and with respect for each other, consistent with our core values, to achieve our common goals. We give individuals and teams the autonomy to drive development of innovative products and solutions, knowing that integrity is a core value throughout our company. Genmab will offer the successful application a challenging position, where the right candidate will have the opportunity to work with highly specialised people across functions in an informal, multicultural culture, all aiming to make a difference for cancer patients.
Teamwork and respect are central pillars of Genmab’s culture and we therefore ensure an inclusive, open, and supportive professional work environment across our international locations. We believe that fostering workplace diversity across social, educational, cultural, national, age and gender lines is a prerequisite for the continued success of the company. We are committed to diversity at all levels of the company and strive to recruit employees with the right skills and competences, regardless of gender, age, ethnicity, etc.
If you would like additional information about this position before applying using the link, please contact ext-fts-kna@genmab.com
Genmab has selected Korn Ferry as a global recruitment partner to help us manage your application