Senior Bioinformatician for NGS analysis and tool development Vacature - Cergentis - Utrecht | Indeed.nlCergentis is a spin-off from the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences (KNAW) and
commercialises its proprietary Targeted Locus Amplification (TLA) technology. The TLA
technology uniquely enables targeted complete Next Generation Sequencing and haplotyping
of genes/loci of interest and serves a wide range of applications in genetic research, genetic
diagnostics and oncogenetics.

The bioinformatics team at Cergentis aims to develop tools that best fit the different
applications of TLA and maximise its value and utility.

Currently, we are looking for a:

SENIOR BIOINFORMATICIAN FOR NGS ANALYSIS AND TOOL DEVELOPMENT

The Senior Bioinformatician will be part of the Cergentis’ bioinformatics team and work
closely with Cergentis’ scientists.

Responsibilities include:
Development and optimization of data analysis tools for TLA-based NGS data
To collaborate with the R&D team in analysing and interpreting the results of TLA
protocol optimisations and novel applications
Being involved in generating NGS-based methods that are transferrable to clinical
settings
REQUIREMENTS
The requirements for this position are:
Master’s degree or PhD in bioinformatics or equivalent
Candidates with a Bachelor’s degree in bioinformatics with extensive experience in
NGS analyses are also invited to reply
Experience in bioinformatic analyses of molecular NGS data, such as ChIP-seq or Hi-C
data and/or gene sequencing
Fluent in one or more of the following languages: Perl/Python/Java/R
Experience in NGS data analysis
Team player
Customer-oriented and comfortable in a commercial environment



SENIOR BIOINFORMATICIAN FOR NGS ANALYSIS
AND TOOL DEVELOPMENT

OFFER
Cergentis offers an exciting and responsible job. Cergentis works with leading industrial &
academic parties in genetics, genetic diagnostics and oncogenetics globally. You will closely
work with all these parties and contribute to cutting-edge Research & Development in genetics
and oncogenetics. Remuneration will be excellent.

INTERESTED?
Please contact us at info@cergentis.com for more information or to submit your application.