DATA SCIENTIST- UTRECHT Vacature - Harnham - Utrecht | Indeed.nlData Scientist- Leader in the food processing industry
Utrecht - the Netherlands
60-70K a year

This is a fantastic opportunity to work for the world's leader in the food processing industry. Due to their success they are rapidly expanding and need a Data Scientist with analytics and engineering experience. You will have a massive impact on developing the team.

THE COMPANY

This is an ambitious company where every employee counts and where everyone feels welcome. They are proud of their culture, where a positive attitude, supportive colleagues and commitment to continuous learning and development are all valued. You will be involved in a lot of exciting and rewarding projects and you will have the opportunity to grow within the organisation quickly.

THE ROLE

As a Data Scientist you will:

Share principles and qualities: Value operating in a collaborative and cooperative environment, adhere to all principles of confidentiality, show initiative, solid judgement and resourcefulness.
Develop, manage and maintain our digital assets: Work towards a production-ready version of machine learning models (or traditional ones). Testing, scaling, re factoring and security is your responsibility as well. As such, you have a good understanding of software engineering;
Analyze data using different methods: Analyze data with different statistical methods, interpret results and provide clear summary conclusions, present data analyses to senior management, preferably in interactive dashboards.
Design and scope data science projects: Work with business owners to define big picture objectives, key actionable insights needed. Translate requirements into meaningful projects, including business case
Develop business awareness
Use Python, Pandas and Hadoop/Spark on a regular basis.

YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE

Strong problem-solving skills
Good communication and presentation skills
Commercial experience of using Python and Matlab and any of the other core languages: Java, R, SQL, C, C++.
Extensive experience in statistical modelling and/or machine learning
Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, Finance, Physics, Economics etc.

THE BENEFITS

Highly competitive salary
Bonus structure
Training
Pension
Potential for growth/clear structured promotion plan

HOW TO APPLY

Please register your interest by sending your CV to Sophie ten Berge via the Apply link on this page.