Senior Research Associate Tissue Analysis Vacature - Genmab - Utrecht | Indeed.nlGenmab is an international biotechnology company specializing in the invention and development of differentiated human antibody therapeutics for the treatment of cancer and other important human diseases.

The Role

The Tissue Analysis (TA) team works together with internal project- and expert teams, to guide the development of ground-breaking new medicines from concept to the clinic. In this respect, TA delivers insights into target and biomarker expression in tissues to further support safety assessments, disease indication selection and mechanisms of action of therapeutic target concepts. The TA team works closely together to perform experiments in-house and at in collaboration with international contract research organizations (CRO).

Key Accountabilities

You work with internal research teams and external CRO to develop and perform new and state-of-the-art molecular pathology techniques to detect and quantify (in situ) mRNA and protein expression in normal and diseased tissues, using i.e. single/multiplex IHC, RNAscope and quantitative image analysis. In addition to that you support pharmacology and biomarker studies by subcontracting studies apply-ing molecular technologies such as NGS, nanostring and HTG EDGEseq.

You translate scientific questions into experimental analyses plans and manage outsourcing of these plans to external CRO and/or the internal wet-lab activities.

You develop new IHC/ISH/RNAscope tests and are responsible for experimental work, including routine tests, experiments, documentation, interpretation and filing of the data.

You support reporting of scientific results in patents, publications, regulatory documents and reports. In this respect, you are able to design tissue analysis assays, and to interpret and precisely document these data.

As part of the Translational Research group, you belong to a group of experienced scientists and research associates with state-of-the-art knowledge of the fields of antibody biology, pathology, biomarkers (immuno-)oncology.
Skills & Experience

You have a completed HLO education or equivalent.

You have excellent communicative and relational skills in English and Dutch.

You have experience with immunohistochemistry and molecular pathology assays, either performed or using autostainer platforms, ISH, fluorescence microscopy, isolation of DNA/RNA.

Knowledge of molecular assays such as RT-PCR, HTG EDGEseq, nanostring, DNA/RNAseq

Knowledge of, and/or work experience with immunology, tumor biology, cell biol-ogy, pathology, molecular biology is preferred.

You have experience / affinity with image analysis and image data management

You are capable of managing several studies in parallel and to work in a flexible way.

You recognize the importance of working in accordance to the quality systems, which includes adhering to standardized procedures and detailed documentation of your work.

You have demonstrated ability to collaborate with a diverse group of scientists, re-search associates and are able to work with deadlines

You are experienced and motivated to work in the field of immunology, tumor biology and biotechnology.

You have a ‘getting things done mentality’, are enthusiastic, goal-oriented, capable of working efficiently and accurately and you enjoy working in a team.

You are pro-active, set high standards for quality of your work. You are also interested in learning and developing new skills and are driven to work together on the development of a new generation of medicines.
Other

Genmab employees work with determination and with respect for each other, consistent with our core values, to achieve our common goals. We give individuals and teams the autonomy to drive development of innovative products and solutions, knowing that integrity is a core value throughout our company. Genmab will offer the successful application a challenging position, where the right candidate will have the opportunity to work with highly specialised people across functions in an informal, multicultural culture, all aiming to make a difference for cancer patients.
Teamwork and respect are central pillars of Genmab’s culture and we therefore ensure an inclusive, open, and supportive professional work environment across our international locations. We believe that fostering workplace diversity across social, educational, cultural, national, age and gender lines is a prerequisite for the continued success of the company. We are committed to diversity at all levels of the company and strive to recruit employees with the right skills and competences, regardless of gender, age, ethnicity, etc.
If you would like additional information about this position before applying using the link, please contact Reece Freeman (rfr@genmab.com).
Genmab has selected Korn Ferry as a global recruitment partner to help us manage your application.