Data Coordinator Vacature - Nielsen - Houten | Indeed.nlData Coordinator - 12566
Product Leadership - Netherlands Houten, Utrecht
At Nielsen, we set the standard for measurement. We did it 94 years ago when we invented the market research industry, and we’re still doing it today. But we don’t stop there. We’re focused on your future, and we know the next big thing can come from anywhere. Together, we’ll invent, test, fail, reinvent and test again until we find it. That’s because we’re a company of scientists. Not the lab-coat kind — the truth-obsessed kind. From analysts in front of clients to engineers behind the scenes, each of us brings a passion for precision.

Brandbank (a Nielsen company) is one of the world’s largest providers of trusted digital product content for ecommerce sites, mobile shopping apps and virtual merchandising applications. With 20 years’ experience in ecommerce content, Brandbank maximizes the impact of online products for the FMCG retailers and manufacturers, while minimizing the cost and effort to retailers and suppliers. We create high quality content that fuels ecommerce success for our customers, while creating a rich online shopping experience.

For our Data Team at our Houten office, we’re looking for a

Data Coordinator

The Data Coordinator is responsible for ensuring we deliver a consistently high level of compliant data via standardised processes and initiatives. Within this role you are responsible for the integration of Nielsen Brandbank into the local GDSN market as well as the Nielsen Brandbanks GDSN Data Pool, Global Product Exchange (GPE), overseeing the implementation of changes to the products and services.
Supporting with day to day projects to ensure effective management and delivery to the business. You are working within a small specialist team and the role allows for development of knowledge in complex data integrations and projects.

KEY RESPONSABILITIES

Day to Day operational support for DMS Data capture & Checking service
Support of Sales, Operations and our Clients
Management & maintenance of GS1 data pool integration and compliance services
Operational support on maintenance & optimization of GS1 DAS/CDBextracts
Support in local / global GDSN releases and certification programmes
Operational lead in taking care of customer documentation (user manual, instruction videos, training internal / external) for use of GS1 services.
Manage assistance in GPE for new publications / subscriptions from GPE (normal GDSN data streams).
Assistance in outbound feeds from GPE to external parties (non GDSN data flows).
Understanding customer needs and raising tickets for bugs and improvements

QUALIFICATIONS

Our candidate will have:
A College degree or equivalent in Engineering or Economy
Strong project management skills
Excellent business Dutch & English
Experience in online grocery/FMCG
Excellent relationship management skills; ability to build relationships with both clients and Nielsen teams in a complex matrix environment
Understanding of existing and emerging technologies
An understanding of consumer content and/or online retail industry and related technologies
The ability to understand & dive into the detail of a solution
Excellent communication skills including: building customer rapports and running workshops

WHAT DO WE OFFER YOU?

This opportunity is just the beginning of your future at Nielsen Brandbank where you will experience a dynamic, open, and solution-oriented environment where we support your development through a trust-based feedback culture and diverse training possibilities. Within our teams we emphasize the importance of diversity and inclusion because we know they are crucial to our growth, strength and ability to innovate. Our international teams work together to create an uncommon impact. Being open, personal, connected and useful is woven into Nielsen's DNA. As part of our culture; our promise to you is that at Nielsen, you can Be yourself, Make a Difference & Grow With Us.

CURIOUS?

Interested in joining our team? Click on the Apply button, and give your professional career a head start!

Find out more about what it’s like to work at Nielsen Brandbank by watching this short video.

About Nielsen:
Nielsen N.V. (NYSE: NLSN) is a global performance management company that provides a comprehensive understanding of what consumers Watch and Buy. Nielsen’s Watch segment provides media and advertising clients with Total Audience measurement services across all devices where content — video, audio, and text — is consumed. The Buy segment offers consumer packaged goods manufacturers and retailers the industry’s only global view of retail performance measurement.
By integrating information from its Watch and Buy segments and other data sources, Nielsen provides its clients with both world-class measurement as well as analytics that help improve performance. Nielsen, an S&P 500 company, has operations in over 100 countries that cover more than 90 percent of the world’s population. For more information, visit www.nielsen.com
Job Type: Regular
Primary Location: Houten,Utrecht
Secondary Locations: , , ,
Travel: Yes, 15% of the Time