Postdoc position (background atmospheric science, or (astro-)physics with strong programming skills) Vacature - SRON - Utrecht Oost | Indeed.nlDuring the project, the postdoc will be supported by a team of experts on remote sensing, aerosol modeling and data assimilation through close collaboration with scientists from SRON, TNO and the Vrije Universiteit (VU Amsterdam). The postdoc will be expected to present their work at international workshops and conferences, building on the international contacts that already exist within the team.
Research
The goal of the project is to quantify aerosol emissions through a data assimilation system that uses novel aerosol data of microphysical and optical properties provided by satellite Multi-Angle Polari-meter (MAP) measurements. It is to be expected that MAP measurements can significantly improve top-down estimates of aerosol emissions. However, at present, there are no data assimilation systems that use the detailed aerosol information that MAP measurements can provide and the added value of these measurements for the estimation of emissions of different aerosol species has not been investigated yet.
Starting from an existing ensemble Kalman filter for aerosol, the postdoc will develop a rigorous data-assimilation framework for top-down estimates of aerosol emissions that can cope with the full aerosol information coming from MAP measurements. The developed framework will be evaluated with extensive Observing System Simulation Experiments (OSSEs), where the added value of present and future instrument concepts will be evaluated. Also, the framework will be used to estimate aerosol emissions from one year of PARASOL measurements and relate the Direct Radiative Effect of Aerosols (DREA) to different aerosol sources. The work is highly relevant for climate research as aerosols represent one of the largest uncertainties in our understanding of radiative forcing of climate.
For part of the project the postdoc will be located at the VU in Amsterdam. For this interesting and challenging project we are looking for a scientist with a PhD degree in atmospheric science, or (astro-) physics with strong programming skills (preferably in Fortran90 and Python). Experience in the field of data assimilation or aerosol modelling would be an asset. Good knowledge of the English language is essential.
Functional competencies: • analytical;• clarity of expression;• result driven.
SRON core competencies: • innovative;• focused on collaboration;• responsibility;• a global player;• flexibility.
NWO-I prefers candidates who have qualifying experience (e.g. as PhD student or postdoctoral researcher) in a scientific research institute abroad.