Food Safety Scientist in Ingredients Toxicology Vacature - DANONE - Utrecht | Indeed.nlAre you our next Food Safety Scientist in ingredients toxicology?

As our new Food Safety Scientist Ingredients you will be part of our corporate entity Danone Food Safety Center. Here you will provide scientific safety evaluations of products or product compositions, with respect to the entire Danone products portfolio (Essential Dairy & Plant-Based, Waters, Specialized Nutrition), based on the scientific literature, analytical data, toxicity studies and clinical trials outcome,

You will ensure the safety of ingredients, applications and products for the anticipated target consumers (i.e., general population, infants and patients) at all stages of product lifecycle from design to market and you will provide the business and operations with strong science-based and relevant advice.

Furthermore, you will
Act as main point of contact on Ingredients Food Safety science by interacting with various functions across the Danone organization (Research & Innovation, Quality and Food Safety, Regulatory Affairs, Scientific and Medical Affairs, Marketing),
Drive and support of the building Scientific, Toxicological and Regulatory Safety dossiers to support the registration of Danone products and applications,
Maintain expertise through attendance to conferences, and represent Danone in scientific organizations or in technical working groups at trade associations level

About you
You have at least a Master degree in toxicology, human physiology, medical biology (with a specialization in toxicology), pharmacology or nutritional sciences (a PhD is a serious plus) and ideally have a few years of experience in nutritional and chemical risk assessment (regulatory toxicology experience is a plus)

You bring strong scientific writing skills and the ability to interpret scientific data on safety into clear business recommendations and well written scientific dossiers. Board certification in Toxicology (i.e., ERT) is a plus

You are flexible, proactive and have a clear affinity with the Danone business. Of course, you are fluent in English (orally and written), and have strong communication skills, allowing you to build a network in- and externally.

What’s in it for you?
We offer a complete package of benefits, with a competitive primary and yearly bonus.
But more importantly – many opportunities for growth in the company!

About us
At Danone, we are dedicated to achieving health through food. And not only that; we want our mission to benefit people of every age, in every social and cultural environment and in every part of the world - as many people as possible.

What’s next?
Hit the “apply now” button! (please do not apply by email)

Need more information?
Please contact me, Joel Bacas, Talent Manager Quality at joel.bacas@danone.com

#LI-NL