2 Consultants Research Data Management: building towards Open Science Vacature - Universiteit Utrecht - Utrecht | Indeed.nlWe are looking for two Consultants Research Data Management (RDM) to strengthen and further develop the Research Data Management team of the University Library. Besides this position we also have a position for a Research Data Manager. The Consultant RDM supports researchers who are part of interdisciplinary communities in which it is common practice to jointly collect, analyze, share, make findable and systematically store data.

Excellent data management is essential. As a consultant you are an expert on every aspect of research data management. You give information, advice and training on data management to researchers, research groups and faculties during the various phases in research. In addition, you will take part in projects which aim at further expanding or optimizing services in the field of research data.

The RDM consultant is part of RDM Support, a multidisciplinary network of data experts within Utrecht University and the University Medical Center Utrecht, see also the website. You are the linking pin between researchers and the broad expertise and knowledge of the network. Together with your colleagues you will further develop a joint service infrastructure.

Your tasks

As an RDM Consultant you will offer concrete solutions for and support in issues concerning research data management. Your focus of attention is on researchers and research groups as well as on stakeholders on a departmental level, in all disciplines and faculties. You will:

offer support to researchers and students in storing, using and reusing and analyzing research data and research information;
take the initiative in establishing short-term and long-term contacts with researchers and research groups to discuss topics in the field of data management;
take the lead in the development of further services in research groups, disciplines or faculties;
give training and develop and also secure expertise in the field of RDM within the University Library;
keep yourself up to date on national and international developments in the field of data management and open science and use these developments in your work.


Profiel
a Master’s degree and at least one or two years relevant work experience. You are keen in working with data: you have demonstrable experience in and knowledge of managing research data and/or privacy sensitive data, or you are willing to develop yourself in this field;
experience in building and maintaining interpersonal networks. You will know how to represent our organization in the network of collaborating partners. As an independent professional you will be an equal partner in your contacts at the faculty;
a strong affinity with the process of scholarly communication in an academic environment. You know how to transfer and share knowledge, both in groups and with individuals;
you know how to take the users’ angle and you are able to translate users’ demands to technical solutions and IT infrastructure;
you have strong communication and advisory skills, an excellent level in English and are creative in finding suitable solutions.


Moreover, this job asks for personal skills to which keywords apply such as: capacity to learn, customer-oriented, analytical capacity, results-oriented, organizational sensitivity and networking skills.

Aanbod
We offer two temporary positions (0.8 - 1.0 FTE) for a year, with a maximum period of three years, subject to a positive performance evaluation. You will work in a dynamic environment in which personal and job-related development is encouraged and facilitated. The salary - depending on previous qualifications and experience - ranges between €2,588 and €4,757 (scale 10 or 11 according to the Collective Labour Agreement Dutch Universities) gross per month for a full-time employment. A laptop and smartphone is included in the package. Utrecht University has excellent fringe benefits.

Salaries are supplemented with a holiday bonus of 8 % and a year-end bonus of 8.3 % per year. We offer a pension scheme, (partly paid) parental leave, collective insurance schemes and flexible employment conditions (multiple choice model). More information is available at: working at Utrecht University.

Over de organisatie
A better future for everyone. This ambition motivates our scientists in executing leading research and inspiring teaching. At Utrecht University (UU), the various disciplines collaborate intensively towards major societal themes. Our focus is on Dynamics of Youth, Institutions for Open Societies, Life Sciences and Sustainability. UU has strong ambitions in the field of open science. A major pillar in this respect is the best possible use and reuse of research data. We support the ambitions of the National Plan Open Science (NPOS).

Utrecht University Library (UBU) is a reliable partner for researchers, lecturers and students when it comes to delivering scholarly information. We use our expertise to contribute to the permanent improvement of the scholarly communication cycle. We inspire bright minds to meet and exchange knowledge. We organize our services in close collaboration with other parties both internal and external to Utrecht University, looking beyond disciplinary boundaries.

Aanvullende informatie
For additional information about the job, please contact Dorinne Raaimakers, Sector Manager Academic Services, d.raaimakers@uu.nl, tel. + 31 6 24 86 31 47.