Senior Data Scientist - AI Vacature - FRISS - Utrecht | Indeed.nlWhy FRISS?
Working @FRISS means working in a fast-paced growing international company. Our mission? Supporting honest insurance! Our core is IT and our niche is Fraud, Risk & Compliance for insurance, when you add this up you have FRISS.

We are an international team we are helping our customers all over the world to detect fraud and mitigate risks. How we do this? With our solutions and people; we Care and Drive. This means: teamwork, innovation, enthusiasm with a high standard of quality.


One of our pillars is Data & AI, so we would love to welcome an inspiring Senior Data Scientist with solid AI experience in our FRISS team. What do we have to offer? A chance to put your Data& AI footprint on our growing success worldwide!
Mission for our Senior Data Scientist
Together with a team, full of other eager and smart colleagues, you will be in the lead of growing our data & AI knowledge. You will provide new insights and translate them into new improvements for our solutions. One of the most important things is your deep knowledge on AI and having an entrepreneurial mindset. Also, you have to bring your knowledge in to our company by collaborating with your colleagues from sales, DevOps, product management, marketing and our MT.
Moreover, you will be advising and helping them to work on success. Data and AI is key at FRISS and in this role your knowledge will be embraced. Even better, you will get the chance build on our success. So, see new opportunities, act on it and create new ways of improving our solutions.
What did you deliver when you look back after one year at FRISS?
Build a data-based strategy where AI, machine learning, deep learning and big data are embedded in the core of our solutions and way of work
Transition FRISS to an AI first company; explain which new product features / initiatives will improve by using an AI approach
Implement new tooling and define new models to build a scalable way of working Inspire our customers and your colleagues to become more data minded
Collaborate with the several FRISS teams like Sales, DevOps and our other data scientists
Be an ambassador of Data and inspire our team and the world
about FRISS and our latest development
Have a proactive role in the process to standardize our solutions and still can deliver our promises and values.
Who are you?
You have to have a great proven track record in the Data world, actually Data & AI is in your DNA. At least you will have your degrees in for example Artificial Intelligence, Econometrics, Business Analytics or Data Science. 5+ years of experience in starting a data transition within a company with convincing results. Hands on knowledge of all the data languages like R and Python. Worked with Hadoop Matlab and Spark. Passionate about practical machine learning, data mining, predictive modelling and all other data topics.

Personal skills & Competences
Entrepreneurial: You are a trendwatcher and explore new ways of improving our FRISS solutions!
Analytical skills: You are able to structure and process qualitative or quantitative data and draw insightful conclusions from it.
Inspire: You have AI and Data science in your DNA. With your knowledge you can bring new ideas and challenge your colleagues. Able to produce significant output with minimal wasted effort.
Intelligence: You learn quickly. Demonstrates ability to quickly and proficiently understand and absorb new information.
Persistence: You demonstrate tenacity and willingness to go the distance to get something done.
Proactivity: You bring new ideas and insights to FRISS.
Most of all
Be inspiring, embrace new trends, implement them in our core, collaborate with your colleagues and customers.
Do you see yourself in this role? Just contact me and we can meet!
Willeke van Hal, Corporate Recruiter, +31 (0) 638 242754 and Willeke.van.hal@friss.eu