DATA SCIENTIST- CONSUMER GOODS Vacature - Harnham - Utrecht | Indeed.nlData Scientist- Leader in consumer goods
Utrecht - the Netherlands
55-70 a year

This is a fantastic opportunity to work for a leader in the consumer goods industry. Due to their success, they are rapidly expanding and are looking for a passionate Data Scientist to join the team.

THE COMPANY

This is an ambitious company where every employee counts and where everyone feels welcome. They are proud of their culture, where a positive attitude, supportive colleagues, and commitment to continuous learning and development are all valued. You will be involved in a lot of exciting and rewarding projects and you will have the opportunity to grow within the organisation quickly.
THE ROLE

As a Data Scientist you will:

Show initiative, share your knowledge/ judgement and resourcefulness.
Develop, manage and maintain the digital assets: For example, testing, scaling, and security will be your responsibility. It is important to have a good understanding of software engineering.
Analyse data using different methods: Using different statistical methods, interpret results and provide very clear summary conclusions. Present data analyses to the management team.
Design data science projects
Develop business awareness
Use Python, Pandas and Hadoop/Spark on a regular basis.

YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE

Strong problem-solving skills
Project management experience
Good communication and presentation skills
Commercial experience of using Python and Matlab and any of the other core languages: Java, R, SQL, C, C++.
Extensive experience in statistical modeling and/or machine learning
Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, Physics, Economics etc.

THE BENEFITS

Highly competitive salary
Bonus structure
Training
Pension
Potential for growth/clear structured promotion plan

HOW TO APPLY

Please register your interest by sending your CV to Sophie ten Berge via the Apply link on this page.