Manager Data & Analytics Vacature - Careers in holland - Utrecht | Indeed.nlWe are 5CA. We work with well-known customers in the video games and technology industries to build great customer experiences. We provide omnichannel customer support in a wide variety of languages, always using the latest technologies and tools. We’re not your typical contact center. You won’t find any cubicles here.

In just two short years we’ve grown our Utrecht office from 15 to 100 employees. This is a fast-paced, dynamic workplace where every day is different and developments take place over the course of days, not months. 5CA’s culture is shaped by a young and talented workforce hailing from all corners of the globe with a thirst for new and exciting technology and games as the binding factor. The 5CA workforce is a community of gamers, techies, and geeks. 5CA has a flat hierarchy and every team member is encouraged to bring out the best in themselves and act beyond the scope of their job description.

Please use the link provided at the bottom to apply, the apply button will be disabled.

Who you are:
You are a seasoned data analyst or data scientist who has a clear vision about the future of data analytics. You are a creative thinker with eye for detail and outstanding analytical skills.You understand customer service and contact center metrics and know how these metrics can help to improve the operations. You have proven management skills and are a true inspiration to your employees. You know what you want to achieve, lead the way and make sure you get things done in time.

Responsibilities:
Manage and coach Data Analysts and Data Warehouse Specialists – make sure that they perform according to expectations, have the tools they need and manage tasks/workload to optimize their output.
Embedding data into the organization by ensuring all staff have access to and completely understand the data that helps them make the right decisions.
Develop and realize an ambitious data and analytics program that serves 5CA’s business.
Develop, maintain and monitor standards and procedures for data collection, ownership, standardization, quality, accessibility and governance.

Tasks:
Make sure the team further develops and maintains 5CA’s state-of-the-art data warehouse.
Steer KPI reporting in Power BI and analysis of such KPIs by data analysts and suggest actions based on such analyses.
Understand needs of clients and the organization and offer them the analytics services they require.

Who you are:
You are a seasoned data analyst or data scientist who has a clear vision about the future of data analytics. You are a creative thinker with eye for detail and outstanding analytical skills.You understand customer service and contact center metrics and know how these metrics can help to improve the operations. You have proven management skills and are a true inspiration to your employees. You know what you want to achieve, lead the way and make sure you get things done in time.

Requirements:
Minimum three years of management experience
Proof of excellent analytical skills
Experience in analytics and data management
Strong leadership & team management skills
Creative mind; able to think “out-of-the-box”
Result-oriented and pro-active
No ‘9 to 5’ mentality. Our business goes on 24/7!
Highly proficient in written and spoken English
Experience with customer service and customer service processes is a plus
University degree or equivalent
Working knowledge of SQL
Fluency in Python and/or R
Experience with AI applications and C# are a plus
Working knowledge of analytics and data visualization tools, preferably Power BI

Please use this link to apply directly on the 5CA company career site: https://5ca.recruitee.com/o/manager-data-analytics/c/new Salary: a competitive salary according to the market’s standards.
Fast growing company: we are a fast growing organisation with ambitious A-level clients and working with their products
Inspiring environment: with young, brilliant and creative professionals and a Human Resources team with which you will have lots of fun at the office
Great location: office in a great location in Utrecht: two minutes from the central train station