Protein chemist / antibody engineer (36-40 hrs/wk) Vacature - Merus - Utrecht | Indeed.nlProtein chemist / antibody engineer (36-40 hrs/wk)
Protein engineering team, Merus N.V.

Are you passionate about analyzing and manipulating proteins and antibodies?

The team:
The Protein Engineering Team is responsible for expressing, analyzing and engineering (bispecific) antibody formats, and plays an important role in the discovery of groundbreaking new medicines for the treatment of cancer. Joining Merus means joining our pursuit to develop advanced therapies that address unmet needs in cancer treatment.

The role:
As a protein chemist / antibody engineer your main tasks and responsibilities are the following:

Cloning, expression and purification of large antibody panels;
Carrying out binding assays to validate antibody affinity and specificity;
Analyze antibody preps in a range of biophysical assays (SPR, HIC, CEX-HPLC, nMS, among others);
Engineering novel antibody formats;
Developing assays;
Developing research protocols;
Documenting and interpreting laboratory experiments.
Your profile:
We are looking for a protein scientist / antibody engineer with the following knowledge and expertise:

You have a PhD degree in a relevant field combined with several years of postdoc experience
You have expertise in molecular cloning;
You have experience with expression and purification of antibodies and recombinant proteins;
You have experience with analytical methods such as SPR, HP-SEC, CEX-HPLC, CE, DLS
You have experience in analyzing and presenting data;
You are organized, detail oriented, and a good communicator.
Our offer:
We offer a competitive salary and flexible working hours. Our talented international team works in an inspiring area of Utrecht (Utrecht Science Park) in a brand new state-of-the-art facility. We also offer an excellent pension scheme, company bonus, and 30 days’ annual holiday based on a full-time position. We care about team spirit and organize several company events each year.

Merus:
Working at Merus provides you with opportunities to grow and develop a career that offers both individual and company success. You will have the chance to make an impact within the oncology field by helping to develop bispecific antibody therapies (Biclonics®) to fight cancer. Merus’ headquarters are located in the Netherlands, but we also have offices in the US and many collaborations around the world. As of 2016 we are listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange and over the last 10 years we have taken several candidate drugs into clinical trials. For more information, please visit www.merus.nl.

When hiring new employees, we look for people who will fit in well with the collaborative, rigorous, and entrepreneurial spirit of our company.