(Graduation) Internship Data Analytics Vacature - Arcadis - Amersfoort | Indeed.nlWat wordt je opdracht?
As part of Arcadis’s Digital transformation, building out our Data Analytics capabilities is at the core and center to ensure that we can generate the most useful insights from the rich data that Arcadis and our clients own.

To do this, there are several initiatives ongoing, such as building out the data analytics capabilities by training our staff, developing new and exciting analytics use cases, sharing data across business units and regions to allow data exploration, and creating a culture of data sharing with a vibrant analytics community in its core.

The Arcadis’s Data Analytics & Insights team is looking for an (graduation) intern for a duration of 4-6 months that will be working on the following key activities and tasks:

Helping with the development of a Knowledge Sharing platform around Analytics use cases, code and capabilities;
Developing an overview of existing internal and external data sets to include in a data lake;
Organizing key community-building events, such as an Analytics conference or internal Community of Practice Events;
Helping with the design and implementation of global training programs for Analytics Translators, Data Scientists and Data Engineers.
Good to mention is that this vacancy is also open for graduate students who need to write their thesis. Together with the Global Development Lead Analytics a certain topic will be selected.
Wat vragen wij?
Nobody is perfect, and that is fantastic. We expect you to fail, learn and succeed several times in this role. That said, it would be great if you:

Currently obtaining a Bachelor/Masters education in IT, (applied) mathematics, economics, change management or a similar study;
Have project management experience;
Are interested in Digital, and mainly Analytics, in the Design, Construction and Engineering industry;
Possess strong MS Office (PowerPoint) skills;
Have an entrepreneurial spirit and can get things done;
Can communicate clearly using words, drawings and numbers, also to Senior Management;
Given the international scale and scope of the business a certain level of flexibility in work hours is important.
Do you recognize yourself in the above profile and do you want to be involved in the digital transformation within a large global organization? Don’t wait, apply now!
Wat bieden wij?
We offer a dynamic challenging internship with international focus in a pleasant working climate. You will have a great deal of responsibility with opportunity for impact and freedom for initiatives.

Arcadis is the leading global Design & Consultancy firm for natural and built assets. Applying our deep market sector insights and collective design, consultancy, engineering, project and management services we work in partnership with our clients to deliver exceptional and sustainable outcomes throughout the lifecycle of their natural and built assets. We are 27,000 people active in over 70 countries that generate more than €3.3 billion in revenues. We support UN-Habitat with knowledge and expertise to improve the quality of life in rapidly growing cities around the world. www.arcadis.com.

Digital and (other) exponential technologies have already impacted many types of industries and organizations across the globe with their ability to provide a more human-centred experience. Starting with the tech industry (when it still was considered a separate sector), and quickly followed by media, entertainment, retail, banking, etc. Today, there are only a handful of areas that are yet to be disrupted. This includes the construction and engineering industry, in which Arcadis operates. Unlike most big corporations involved in natural and built (physical) assets, our board is aware of the opportunities (and risks) these new digital technologies offer (and pose) and has therefore taken extraordinary measures to proactively reinvent our business in the coming years.
Heb je vragen?
If you are interested in this position, please contact Ms Raïscha O’Prinsen, Campus Recruiter, on tel. +31 (0)6 5073 6808 or via raischa.oprinsen@arcadis.com. You can apply by using the ‘Solliciteren’-button (application button) at www.werkenbijarcadis.nl not by sending an e-mail.

To assess your application, that we will receive via the “solliciteer direct” (application button), in the best way possible we would like to receive your most current Resume and a motivation letter that covers the following aspects:

reason for your application;
maximum willingness to travel (in time);
availability (number of hours per week and desired start date);
language proficiency.
Recruitment agencies need not respond. Details from this vacancy are not to be used for marketing purposes.