Senior Data Scientist (Customers Operations) Vacature - FRISS - Utrecht | Indeed.nlWhy FRISS?

Working @FRISS means working in a fast-paced growing international company. Our mission? Supporting honest insurance! Our core is IT and our niche is Fraud, Risk & Compliance for insurance. When you add this up you have FRISS!

We are an international team we are helping our customers all over the world to detect fraud and mitigate risks. How we do this? With our solutions and people; we Care and Drive. This means: teamwork, innovation, enthusiasm with a high standard of quality.
We are always looking for motivated people who fit our culture and motto. One of the pillars at FRISS is Data and our team of Data Scientists within Customer Operations (COPS) are looking for a new colleague! Someone with the experience to lead the team into making even better Machine Learning Models for our customers!

Mission for our Senior Data Scientist (Customer Operations)

With your expertise in Data Science you will coach our young COPS Data Science team on their search of knowledge. You will help in creating new ways to quickly clean and process customer data and develop Machine Learning Models that stand out by their effectiveness for our customers. As part of the COPS team you will contribute to implementing our projects, currently running in more than 15 countries.
Who are you?
You can speak Dutch and English fluently, you finished your Master’s degree in for example Econometrics, Business Analytics, Data Science or Artificial Intelligence. After your studies, you worked for at least 5 years in the field of Practical Machine Learning, Data Mining or Predictive Analytics, preferably in a leading role. You are comfortable with programming in for example R, Python or Java. It would be a plus if you have experience with Hadoop/Spark/Big Data. Because of the size of our customer data at this point, this is not necessary yet.

Personal skills & CompetencesFollow-through on commitments: Lives up to verbal and written agreements.Empowering: Likes coaching and challenging smart and eager professionals, you get the best out of themCommercial & inspiring: Gives presentations to our customers and is able to see new ways of improvingIntelligence: Learns quickly. Demonstrates ability to proficiently understand and absorb new information.Analytical skills: structure & process qualitative or quantitative data and draw insightful conclusions from it.Attention to detail: Does not let important details slip through the cracks or derail a project.

Most off all: be inspiring, empower your team, help our customers and have a great sense of humor!

Are you interested? Just contact me and let’s meet!
Willeke van Hal – Corporate Recruiter, +31 (0) 638 242754