PhD student, project leukemic niche Vacature - Prinses Máxima Centrum - Utrecht Oost | Indeed.nlTasks and responsibilities
Leukemic cells reside in the complex architecture of the bone marrow compartment. We recently discovered that leukemic cells selectively manipulate this microenvironment as survival strategy, using a.o. tunneling nanotubes. The PhD student will join the ‘leukemic niche” team and will investigate which molecules are being exchanged between leukemic cells and the supportive tissue, the role of hypoxia herein and will determine which factors promote the survival, expansion and resistance to therapeutic drugs of leukemic cells.

Skills and education
We are looking for a PhD candidate with an MSc degree in Life Science, Biomedical Sciences or related studies. The PhD student should preferably have experience in molecular biology (e.g. viral transductions, gene editing) and/or cell biology (flow-sorting, imaging). Our group welcomes candidates who have a natural level of scientific thinking and who are curious and are eager to learn. Candidates are required to have excellent communicative skills and a good command of oral and written English. You are enthusiastic to present your data and share your knowledge with other scientists.

Working at the Princess Máxima Centre
We offer a challenging PhD project in an inspiring and inter-disciplinary research environment. The total duration of the project is 4 years (full-time). You will initially be appointed for a period of 1 year, during which your performance will be evaluated by a training and supervision plan.
The gross salary is €2612 per month (scale 45-6, collective labour agreement ‘’Zorg en Welzijn”), supplemented with 8% holiday allowance and an 8.33% year-end bonus.

Interested?
You can apply until June 30th 2018 by pressing the 'Apply' button on the right of this screen

For more information please contact: Prof.dr. Monique den Boer
Acquisitie naar aanleiding van deze vacature wordt niet op prijs gesteld.

Contactpersoon
Monique den Boer
Telefoonnr. werk
E-mail werk
m.l.denboer@prinsesmaximacentrum.nl
Verantwoordelijke
Monique den Boer
Telefoonnr. werk
E-mail werk
m.l.denboer@prinsesmaximacentrum.nl