Advanced Analytics Consultant (Medior/Senior) Vacature - CGI - Utrecht | Indeed.nlThe Oil & Gas Industry is going through a vast transformation. This is based on lower oil prices, cost reduction, focus on cash and transition to new energy sources, such as integrated gas, electricity, wind and solar. This risk and investment intensive Industry, which is used to working with long-term perspectives and scenario planning, now needs to make changes and re-focus on a much shorter timeframe. In today’s real-time world, all of these market forces are converging, creating urgency for
our Clients to digitally transform the way they operate, change and grow.

CGI is the innovative supplier that brings together global knowledge of the Oil & Gas industry and technological know-how. With our spearheads: IT Modernization, Cyber Security, Big Data Analytics and Enterprise Mobility, we help our clients in the Oil & Gas market with their strategy for a digital future. Are you an experienced and enterprising Data Scientist who wants to use his or her statistical, methodical and business knowledge and experience with customers who have transformed into a data-driven (digital) organization?
Innovate, join CGI and strengthen our advanced analytics team.
Your future duties and responsibilities:
As Data Scientist, you are the first point of contact for our customers and you advise and guide them to understand and optimize critical business processes by applying advanced data analysis and visualization. This is done by reviewing and discussing customer assumptions and visualizing the outcomes so that the customer can apply the results and outcomes to new or existing processes. In addition, a predictable future is becoming more and more important within the Oil & Gas market.

You think beyond the established Business Intelligence frameworks and make full use of advanced analytics and technologies with regard to big data and develop as Data Scientist custom algorithms. You work closely with Data Engineers and Database Specialists from the more traditional Business Intelligence.

Do you want to build, think about and especially optimize the processes at customers? Our members make the difference!
Required qualifications to be successful in this role:
Completed Bachelor's degree program with a solid component of statistics and knowledge of companies or organizations, such as social sciences, business IT or econometrics;Excellent command of the Dutch and English language in word and writing;Minimum 2 years experience as Data scientist;Demonstrated practical experience in solving complex challenges using data analysis and modeling;Knowledge of and experience with Big Data technologies such as Hadoop and MapReduce;Knowledge of tools and languages such as R, SAS, SPSS, SQL;Knowledge of and demonstrable experience with concepts like machine learning, predictive modeling, text mining, process mining etc;Demonstrated practical experience in effective communication with stakeholders in the customer organization, in the field of data providers, information customers and IT-organization;Broad functional knowledge and experience in data (base) management and data-integration processes;Technical knowledge and experience in data (base) management and data integration processes;Result-oriented, flexible and pragmatic setting, proactive attitude and a team player.

We offer
We offer you a permanent contract with market competitive employment conditions and inspiring international working environment.

You will become a member of the global CGI family with 70.000 colleagues and over 1.600 oil & gas colleagues working for in dedicated teams across Asia, the USA, the UK and Europe.

We will encourage and stimulate you to develop your professional career and will offer you the means to do so.

Interested?
Apply immediately! Questions about the application procedure? Contact the Recruitment department at (088) 564 00 00 or recruitment.nl@cgi.com
What you can expect from us:
Build your career with us.

It is an extraordinary time to be in business. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, CGI is at the center of this change—supporting our clients’ digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities.

At CGI, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. As one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. All of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create.

Be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world.

Learn more about CGI at www.cgi.com.

No unsolicited agency referrals please.

CGI is an equal opportunity employer.