Applications Development Scientist Vacature - Cabot Corporation - Amersfoort | Indeed.nlSamenvatting functie
The Application Development Scientist contributes to the solution of technical problems of moderate complexity involving existing or new product applications. He/she provides consultation to Sales/Marketing or product development groups and/or external customers. The role is located in our Amersfoort office and it's new and modern lab.
Taken en verantwoordelijkheden
Works closely with Sales/Marketing/Product Support, R&D in the development of new applications for existing or new products. Develops broad insight of performance in applications and generally focuses on a specified market segment.
Interfaces with Sales and Tech Services to understand customer requirements. Develops and documents technical product specifications. Uses formal planning tools and methodologies and ensures all new product development work is grounded and linked to the needs of the market. Supports market introduction of new applications.
Determines requirements for materials in applications and formulates new product applications.
Plans, schedules, conducts or coordinate detailed phases of work for a part of a major project or total project of moderate scope.
Develops new and rigorous applications testing methods and laboratory procedures. Conducts investigations for resolution of systemic/complex product performance issues to support Technical Services and Manufacturing.
Presents and discusses research findings with other scientists and engineers in formal group settings. Prepares written reports summarizing application performance data and findings.
Maintains clear records of test results. Generates reports and references test results appropriately.
Vereisten
Applications Knowledge: Understanding of primary functionality of Cabot products in the customer application.
Experimental Rigor: Ability to conduct experiments according to specifications following rigorous testing protocols.
Project Management: Ability to manage small testing projects or discrete parts of larger projects. Is well organized and plans work appropriately in order to meet deadlines.
Customer Interaction: Able to explain primary function of products to customers. Perceived by customer as providing basic support for existing applications.
Organizational Integration: Able to work collaboratively with others.
Results Focus: Brings assigned projects to successful completion.
Post-secondary degree (Bachelor’s/University) in Chemistry or Materials Science and 8 -10 years or Masters’ degree (preferred) with 5-8 years of experience
Applications development and/or product and customer support experience is required.
Over Cabot
Founded in 1882, Cabot Corporation (NYSE: CBT) is a global specialty chemicals and performance materials company, headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. The company is a leading provider of rubber and specialty carbons, activated carbon, inkjet colorants, cesium formate drilling fluids, fumed silica, aerogel and elastomer composites.