Photographer Vacature - Nielsen - Houten | Indeed.nlPhotographer - 11304
Operations - Netherlands Houten, Utrecht
At Nielsen, we set the standard for measurement. We did it 94 years ago when we invented the market research industry, and we’re still doing it today. But we don’t stop there. We’re focused on your future, and we know the next big thing can come from anywhere. Together, we’ll invent, test, fail, reinvent and test again until we find it. That’s because we’re a company of scientists. Not the lab-coat kind — the truth-obsessed kind. From analysts in front of clients to engineers behind the scenes, each of us brings a passion for precision.

Brandbank (a Nielsen company) is one of the world’s largest providers of trusted digital product content for ecommerce sites, mobile shopping apps and virtual merchandising applications. With 20 years’ experience in ecommerce content, Brandbank maximizes the impact of online products for the FMCG retailers and manufacturers, while minimizing the cost and effort to retailers and suppliers. We create high quality content that fuels ecommerce success for our customers, while creating a rich online shopping experience.

We are looking for a Photographer in our office Houten, we’re looking for a

Photographer

KEY RESPONSABILITIES

As a Photographer you will:
Ensure high quality of images captured while working to a high volume
Maintain consistency across a service, or a range of products in terms of colour, lighting and Art Direction
Understand product photography lighting and rig-types and adjust accordingly dependent on the type of product being shot
Prioritise shooting according to SLA, due date and internal timeliness KPI’s
Manage and order the photography shelves as necessary
Take responsibility for resolving any photography queries within the required timeframe
Shoot Urgent and rejected products within required KPI’s
Understand the role of the photographic services offered by the business as a whole and their primary usages by the client
Work flexibly within the Imaging Department; transferring knowledge and skills to other processes as and when needed
At times be willing and able to convey your knowledge of the studio processes with visiting clients
Identify and escalating problems with Studio processes and suggest solutions
Be responsible for the maintenance of equipment and rigs used
Train new photographers as and when needed in photographic processes

WHAT DO WE EXPECT FROM YOU?

Our candidate will have:
Good level of photographic knowledge and training, this should be ideally degree-level (or equivalent) or higher
Experience of product photography and studio experience would be useful
Some office experience would be advantageous as the role requires regular communication via email and some usage of Microsoft Office programs.
Efficiency and speed whilst maintaining high quality of photography
Organised with a positive attitude
Team player and always willing to offer support
Demonstrates good time management, prioritisation and multi-tasking
Good communication skills – written and verbal
Working knowledge of photographic processes and studio environment
Attention to detail
Copes well under pressure

WHAT DO WE OFFER?

This opportunity is just the beginning of your future at Nielsen Brandbank where you will experience a dynamic, open, and solution-oriented environment where we support your development through a trust-based feedback culture and diverse training possibilities. Within our teams we emphasize the importance of diversity and inclusion because we know they are crucial to our growth, strength and ability to innovate. Our international teams work together to create an uncommon impact. Being open, personal, connected and useful is woven into Nielsen's DNA. As part of our culture; our promise to you is that at Nielsen, you can Be yourself, Make a Difference & Grow With Us.

CURIOUS?

Interested in joining our team? Click on the Apply button, and give your professional career a head start!

Find out more about what it’s like to work at Nielsen Brandbank by watching this short video.

About Nielsen:
Nielsen N.V. (NYSE: NLSN) is a global performance management company that provides a comprehensive understanding of what consumers Watch and Buy. Nielsen’s Watch segment provides media and advertising clients with Total Audience measurement services across all devices where content — video, audio, and text — is consumed. The Buy segment offers consumer packaged goods manufacturers and retailers the industry’s only global view of retail performance measurement.
By integrating information from its Watch and Buy segments and other data sources, Nielsen provides its clients with both world-class measurement as well as analytics that help improve performance. Nielsen, an S&P 500 company, has operations in over 100 countries that cover more than 90 percent of the world’s population. For more information, visit www.nielsen.com
Job Type: Regular
Primary Location: Houten,Utrecht
Secondary Locations: , , ,
Travel: No