Assistant/Associate/Full Professor at University of Maryland in College Park, Maryland 20742 | IEEE


                            7 days old                        2018-04-302018-05-30




Assistant/Associate/Full Professor

                                                            University of Maryland                                                    


College Park, Maryland 20742 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time




The Department of Computer Science at the University of Maryland, College Park, MD, USA is recruiting to fill two endowed professorship funded through a generous gift from Capital One with start dates on or after July 1, 2018. The openings are not restricted to any rank and outstanding candidates at all levels are encouraged to apply. Successful applicants will also be given joint appointments with the University of Maryland Institute for Advanced Computer Studies (UMIACS), a multi-disciplinary research institute.
 
Exceptional candidates in Machine Learning, Data Science, and Cybersecurity are being sought. Applicants working at the boundary of computer science and other disciplines are also encouraged to apply, and may be considered for joint positions with other departments or institutes on campus. A candidate should indicate in their cover letter if they might be interested in such a joint appointment.
 
The department is committed to building a diverse faculty and it especially encourages applications from women and underrepresented minorities. In addition, candidates who have experience engaging with a diverse range of faculty, staff, and students and contributing to a climate of inclusivity are encouraged to discuss their perspectives on these subjects in their application materials.
 
Interested candidates should apply on-line at https://ejobs.umd.edu AND at http://hiring.cs.umd.edu/capitalone/ in order to receive consideration. Search under Faculty for position #123708. The review of applications the process will continue until the positions are filled. Candidates will be prompted when submitting applications to submit a cover letter, a curriculum vitae, research and teaching statements, and provide contact information for at least four references. Questions about these positions can be directed to the faculty recruitment committee at: capitalonesearch@cs.umd.edu.
 
The Department of Computer Science at the University of Maryland is consistently ranked among the top-15 nationally. It is one of the largest departments in the country, with approximately 50 full-time tenured and tenure-track faculty covering a wide variety of research areas and over 200 doctoral students drawn from top undergraduate programs nationally and internationally. In 2018 the department is slated to occupy its new state-of-the-art facility, the Brendan Iribe Center for Computer Science and Innovation, which is currently under construction. Additional information about the Department of Computer Science and UMIACS is available at http://www.cs.umd.edu and at http://www.umiacs.umd.edu. To learn more about the Iribe Center, please visit: http://csctr.cs.umd.edu.
 
The University of Maryland, College Park, was founded in 1856 and is the flagship institution in the University System of Maryland. Its 1,250 acre College Park campus is minutes away from Washington, D.C., the nexus of the nation's legislative, executive, and judicial centers. This unique proximity to business and technology leaders, federal departments and agencies, and a myriad of research organizations, embassies, think tanks, cultural centers, and non- profit organizations offers unique opportunities for engagement for faculty and students.
 
The University of Maryland, College Park, an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws and regulations regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, age, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, creed, marital status, political affiliation, personal appearance, or on the basis of rights secured by the First Amendment, in all aspects of employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.
  Apply Here  PI102174948 
Categories



Computer Engineering 





