Dean at City University of Hong Kong in Hong Kong | IEEE


                            1+ months                        2018-03-242018-05-23




Dean

                                                            City University of Hong Kong                                                    


Hong Kong 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now

                                Please see Job Details for Apply instructions                            





Job TypeEmployee




Worldwide Search for Talent
City University of Hong Kong (CityU) is a dynamic, fast-growing university that is pursuing excellence in research and professional education. As a publicly-funded institution, the University is committed to nurturing and developing students’ talents and creating applicable knowledge to support social and economic advancement. The University has seven Colleges/Schools. As part of its pursuit of excellence, the University aims to recruit outstanding scholars from all over the world in various disciplines, including business, creative media, energy and environment, science and engineering, humanities and social sciences, law, veterinary medicine and life sciences.
The College of Science and Engineering has a strong international reputation in research. CityU was ranked 1st in Hong Kong and 24th internationally in engineering/technology/computer sciences by Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU 2016); awarded within the top 50 in computer science & information systems, engineering – civil & structural, and mathematics by the QS World University Rankings by Subject (2018). It was also ranked 1st in mathematics in Hong Kong and 24th worldwide, and 1st in engineering in Hong Kong and 17th internationally by Performance Ranking of Scientific Papers for World Universities by National Taiwan University Ranking (2017).
To spur further development in cutting-edge research and professional education in the respective specialized areas of science and engineering, the College will be restructured to form two separate Colleges, namely the College of Science and the College of Engineering expected in September 2018, to focus on their respective areas of development in both research and education.
The University now invites applications and nominations for:
Dean [Ref. A/271/49]College of Engineering (to be set up)
The PositionReporting to the Provost, the Dean will provide visionary, strategic leadership for the College, in alignment with the Vision, Mission and Strategic Plan of the University. In collaboration with the College’s faculty and other academic units, the Dean will advance the College’s academic excellence in research and professional education, and further its international standing.
The PersonA doctorate degree with strong academic and professional qualifications, a distinguished record of teaching, research and scholarship, and substantial relevant experience in academic leadership roles; the vision and capability to build on and expand the College’s strengths; outstanding management effectiveness; commitment to interdisciplinary collaboration and teamwork; and strong communication and networking skills to build and nurture internal and external contacts to the benefit of the College.
Salary and Conditions of Service The appointee will be offered appointment to an academic rank commensurate with qualifications and experience. The deanship appointment will be on a concurrent basis for an initial period of three years. Remuneration package will be attractive and driven by market competitiveness and individual performance. Excellent fringe benefits include gratuity, leave, medical and dental schemes, and relocation assistance (where applicable).
Information and ApplicationFurther information on the post and the University is available at http://www.cityu.edu.hk.
The University is being represented in this search by Heidrick & Struggles Hong Kong Limited. Please send the nomination or application with a current curriculum vitae to "cityu-eng@heidrick.com". Applications and nominations received by 28 May 2018 will receive full consideration. The University's privacy policy is available on the homepage.
City University of Hong Kong is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to the principle of diversity. Personal data provided by applicants will be used for recruitment and other employment-related purposes.
Worldwide recognition ranking 49th, and 4th among top 50 universities under age 50 (QS survey 2018); 1st in Engineering/Technology/Computer Sciences in Hong Kong (ARWU survey 2016); and 2nd Business School in Asia-Pacific region (UT Dallas survey 2017).
  
Categories



Faculty 





