Senior/Lead Cyber Engineer (TS/SCI Polygraph Clearance) at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-232018-06-04




Senior/Lead Cyber Engineer (TS/SCI Polygraph Clearance)

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





MITRE seeks a motivated and self-starting analyst, integrator, and engineer to join a sponsor-facing team providing engineering, prototyping, and analytical expertise to architect and secure a sponsor network. This position is generally located at a Sponsor site in Northern VA and directly supports critical national missions.
Key Functions:
Perform hands-on technical analysis and execute engineering studies to make recommendations for improvement across the full spectrum of cyber and network security problem space. Work in a dynamic environment addressing cutting-edge cyber security challenges and be able to approach new problems where a solution does not already exist. Lead small teams of subject matter experts (SMEs) to address specific tasks as necessary. Apply and substantiate engineering judgment and make recommendations on Sponsors development concepts and products.
 










Required Qualifications:
Polygraph and experience applying knowledge of:  Network traffic analysis.  Network architecture design, implementation, and assessment.  Cyber security devices and platforms (e.g. SIEM, IDS/IPS, malware analysis, threat intelligence platforms).  Cyber data types, flows, processing, and analysis. UNIX, Linux, and software development experience. Excellent written and verbal communication (this is a sponsor-facing position).  Self-starter with initiative and vision.
Preferred Qualifications: 
 BS or MS in computer science or related field and 5 years of related experience.  Scripting.  Commercial tool assessment and evaluation.  Knowledge of network data types, protocols, and sensors
Minimum Qualifications:  BS Degree, TS/SCI Polygraph clearance, and 3 years' related experience.
 
 






