Cyber Engineer at MITRE in Bedford, MA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-05-27




Cyber Engineer

                                                            MITRE                                                    


Bedford, MA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.

MITRE's Air Force (AF) Cyber Infrastructure Department seeks a passionate, creative Cyber Engineer to support cyber resiliency in cloud-based and virtualized environments, as well as enterprise networks. The Cyber Engineer will discover and develop solutions that allow AF systems to anticipate, withstand, and recover from cyber threats.
Cyber Engineer tasks may include:

Collaborating with MITRE staff, project sponsors, and military personnel to develop and deliver practical solutions to warfighter problems
Building and testing architectural prototypes in MITRE labs to validate assumptions related to back-up and failover methodologies
Exploring the use of virtualization to introduce non-persistence and maneuver operations into contested data center environments
Investigating the use of software defined networks (SDN) to dynamically redirect a bad actor into a mirrored, realistically simulated environment
Assessing commercial and government cloud service providers against cyber security-related risks
Using enterprise tools, such as Splunk, to detect network anomalies
Researching and prototyping cyber analytic solutions to detect and mitigate advanced persistent threats

 











Desired Skills (nice to have):

Hands-on experience with VMware ESXi or other hypervisors (management and configuration)
Advanced experience with programming and scripting
Understanding of networking protocols such as Ethernet, IP, TCP/UDP (management and configuration)
Ability to write and present technical material in the form of proposals, white papers, technical reports, and presentations

 
Required Education:
BS and 0-4 years of relevant work experience.

Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or similar field. Candidate should possess the ability to be responsible for deliverables or parts of deliverables to MITRE customers
 
Level2
 
Secret.
 
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Engineering 








