Systems Test Engineer - Avionics at Lockheed Martin in Fort Worth, TX | IEEE



                            11 days old                        2018-04-272018-05-27




Systems Test Engineer - Avionics

                                                            Lockheed Martin                                                    


Fort Worth, TX 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
432173BR





Avionics System (Mission System) Integration & Test engineer, responsible for performance of avionics system integration test and support of flight test for the Integrated Fighter Group (IFG) F-16, F-22, & T-50 aircraft. This assignment includes laboratory System Integration testing and Avionics Integration flight testing of Communication, Navigation and Identification (CNI), Data Link, Radar/Sensors, Stores/Weapons, Displays, and Mission Computer systems. Tasks will include test planning, development of laboratory and aircraft checkout test procedures, conduct of avionics system integration lab testing and analysis of test data/results, development of flight test objectives and procedures, support of avionics flight test locally and on-site at US Air Force Test Centers and customer locations, and performance of system level verification testing. The position also includes the support of other IPT-activities affected by the system and flight test integration including flight test operations, instrumentation, production aircraft delivery, test station, software, training & training systems, subsystem & weapons, support equipment, and T.O. development. Shift work to support 24-hour lab schedules is requiredBasic QualificationsB.S. in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Aerospace Engineering or related technical discipline.  Data analysis, problem identification / isolation, and troubleshooting. MS Office Suite applications, document processors, databases, technical graphics, etcDesired skillsExcellent technical and communications skills (verbal & written) are required. Desire / ability to work in a laboratory environment. Understanding of electrical wiring diagrams, schematics and engineering drawingsPhysically able to access aircraft cockpit test fixtures and conduct lab testing for typical 6-hour test shiftsIndustry related full-time or intern experience is preferred. A security clearance is preferred. US Air Force avionics and aircraft experience is preferred. MatLab, automated testing, and image recognition experience is preferred. MIL-STD-1553 and Gigabit Ethernet communication protocol experience is preferredAs a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territoriesJoin us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrowLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability statusJob Location(s): Fort Worth Texas  






