Robotics Perception - ATAS 1625 at Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) in Atlanta, GA | IEEE



                            1 day old                        2018-05-072018-06-05




Robotics Perception - ATAS 1625

Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) 


Atlanta, GA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
1625




Title: Robotics Perception - ATAS 1625 
                 JobID: 1625 
                 Location: Atlanta, GA 
                 Description: 
	


Title: Robotics Perception


 
 
Position Level:  RE/RS I/II




Primary Location: Atlanta


Travel Required: minimum




Lab:  GTRI/ATAS


 




Job Description: 
The GTRI Robotics and Autonomous Systems Division is looking for a B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. in computer science, electrical and computer engineering, robotics, or related fields specializing in robotics perception. Join our growing group and tackle responsibilities that will include development of real-time perception algorithms for robotics applications, including state estimation, object detection and tracking, 3D/point cloud processing for navigation and obstacle avoidance, and fusion of multiple sensors for these tasks.
 We are looking for strong candidates who are self-motivated, have extensive, demonstrated C/C++ and/or python programming skills, and have a strong mathematical foundation and problem-solving skills.
  The position will involve generation of research reports, publications, proposals, and briefs to customers, requiring excellent written and verbal communication skills. The ideal candidate will have hands-on experience with state-of-the-art algorithms applied to robotic systems.




Requirements: 

US Citizenship AND/ OR the ability to obtain a US Security Clearance
BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical & Computer Engineering, Robotics, or related fields specializing in machine learning, computer vision, and/or perception.
Possess extensive, demonstrated C/C++ or Python programming, strong mathematical foundation & problem-solving skills.
Hands-on experience with existing perception algorithms for application to real-world sensor data and robots.
Willingness to work well in a team environment

Education:
B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. in computer science, electrical and computer engineering, robotics, or related fields specializing in robotics perception.
Experience:

Experience with deep learning and convolutional neural networks in particular for various perception problems such as scene understanding problems (object detection, semantic segmentation, pose estimation, etc.)
Experience working with real sensors such as cameras, and knowledge of aspects such as sensor selection and tradeoffs, camera project models, calibration, etc.

Skills:

C/C++ or Python programming, strong mathematical foundation & problem-solving skills.

 
Other: Candidates must be US citizens able to obtain a Department of Defense security clearance.  Selection process will include passing a pre-employment background screening.
 
 




 



 
 




Categories



Robotics 








