Power Systems Engineer, Psyche Mission at Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California 91101 | IEEE


                            5 days old                        2018-05-022018-06-01




Power Systems Engineer, Psyche Mission

                                                            Jet Propulsion Laboratory                                                    


Pasadena, California 91101 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Job TypeEmployee




Jet Propulsion LaboratoryRequisition ID 2017-8626Discipline Description Systems EngineerScheduled Hours 40Hiring Organization POWER SYSTEMS ENGINEERINGCategory EngineeringCareer LevelLevel 2Relocation EligibilityYesOverview 
Formed in 1936, located in Pasadena, California, JPL has a campus-like environment situated on 177 acres in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains and offers a work environment unlike any other. We helped open the Space Age by developing America's first Earth-orbiting science satellite, creating the first successful interplanetary spacecraft, and sending robotic missions to the solar system. Today, JPL continues its world-leading innovation, implementing programs in planetary exploration, Earth science, space-based astronomy and technology development while applying its capabilities to technical and scientific problems of national significance. Above all, we are explorers. At JPL we promote collaboration, innovation, integrity, and excellence in distinct academic areas. We turn ideas for science investigation into the reality of groundbreaking space missions, partnering with our strategic business teams to guide JPL into the future. Explorers wanted.
Responsibilities 
The JPL Power and Sensor Systems Section's experts provide the knowledge and expertise for cutting edge technologies in a wide variety of power related fields including power generation, energy storage, power electronics and sensor development. The breadth of the section's technical expertise spans a wide arena ranging from materials research to technology development to flight hardware implementation for unprecedented robotic missions that explore our solar system.
 
As a JPL Power Systems Engineer, you will define requirements, perform trade studies, and interface with other members of the spacecraft team. You are a highly motivated, creative, and experienced engineer with a focus on coordinating, balancing and integrating technical and program-related issues in an end-to-end manner to ensure that the total system satisfies the project's requirements. You are involved in every phase of the mission life cycle including concept development, implementation, delivery, and operations. Specific responsibilities may include performing trade studies, sizing major power system elements, managing requirements, verification and validation, and analyzing mission specific power system performance.
 
As a member of the Power Systems Engineering team, you will design power systems for space and terrestrial applications. You will also:

assist in the development and tracking requirements for one or more power system development effort
participate in power subsystem design engineering teams to support technical design and performance trades, perform analyses, and provide recommendations
use DOORs requirement management tool to document and link requirements at each level
support the flight system team to develop electrical interface and grounding requirements, electrical functions lists, and circuit data sheets

 
In this position, you will also be expected to:

perform complex and wide-ranging job functions and activities across multiple disciplines
work with limited supervision on projects and assignments for the systems team
support the team leader on projects and assignments, including performance standards, budget and schedule
serve as a team member on teams inside or outside organization, project, activity or function

 
Requirements
Qualifications 

Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, or related technical discipline, with typically a minimum of 3 years of related experience; a Master's degree in similar disciplines with typically a minimum of 1 year of related experience; or a PhD in similar disciplines.
Directly related work experience in power systems engineering for aerospace industry products.
Extensive knowledge in Analog Electronics, Power Systems Design, and Systems Engineering
Extensive understanding and wide application of advanced principles, theories, concepts and techniques in Systems Engineering
Proven experience with DOORs

Preferred qualifications

Extensive knowledge in Controls, Reliability Engineering, or Integration and Test

Caltech/JPL is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and affirmative action employer. It is the policy of Caltech/JPL to provide equal employment opportunities, actively recruit, and include for employment consideration all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information.
PI102263054
Apply Here
Categories



Aerospace and Electronic Systems 





