Satellite Systems Engineer Associate at Lockheed Martin in Colorado Springs, CO | IEEE



                            12 days old                        2018-04-262018-05-25




Satellite Systems Engineer Associate

                                                            Lockheed Martin                                                    


Colorado Springs, CO 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
422956BR





Candidate will perform 24X7 rotating shift console operations for a complex satellite system to include new system activations. Conducts mission/program-specific real time spacecraft/satellite flight operations during readiness, execution, and evaluation phases. Develops detailed plans and procedures to provide maximum mission support in areas such as orbit dynamics, satellite performance analysis, command and control of on-orbit satellites. Provides technical direction for on-orbit mission support, plans for critical vehicle malfunctions and provides alternate operating techniques to continue maximum mission support. Provides failure analysis of the performance of the orbiting satellites via telemetry data. Utilizes system software to accomplish all spacecraft control tasks and recommends improvements. Analyzes and validates software performance. Performs flight length orbit adjust and daily special event studiesDuring the initial training period, the successful candidate will learn 24X7 operations and concurrently may support operations tools creation, data analysis and maintenance. Working in a 24X7 role, the candidate will become certified in entry-level and advanced positions. Once certified, the individual will be responsible for ensuring the execution of planned activities and taking corrective actions in response to anomalies and system degradations or failures. Perform analysis of segment and interfaces to ensure system is operating nominally. Interfaces with internal and cross-site personnel to conduct mission operations. Acquires, applies, and disseminates technical skills and job knowledge to accomplish assigned tasks. Position requires the completion of formal training program and certification to perform dutiesPosition will require on-call support as well as periodic off-hour shifts in support of mission activitiesBasic Qualifications• Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college in Physics, Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Systems Engineering, or a related discipline. An unrelated degree and 1+ year of experience will be considered in lieu of degree• Selected candidate must have the ability to obtain and maintain a TS/SCI level security clearanceDesired skills• Willingness to work rotating shifts• 24X7 work experience• Satellite operations experience• Matrix mathematics, vector analysis, and an understanding of physics (including the application of conservation of energy and angular momentum)• Knowledge of feedback control systems, direction cosine matrix, Euler angles, quaternion math, and classic mechanics• Experience with astrodynamics and orbital mechanics including classical orbital (Keplerian) elements• STK/orbital analysis program experience a plus• Microsoft Office proficiency (MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint)• Satellite maneuver tools/techniques• Experience with operating LM Horizon C2 system• Knowledge of basic coding skills in one or more programming language• Experience with MATLAB, SQL, HTML, Python, UNIX/Linux• Previous operations experience• Experience establishing customer intimacy• Problem solving, strong interpersonal skills, and the ability to work across sites in a multi-contractor teamAs a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territoriesJoin us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrowLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability statusJob Location(s): Colorado Springs Colorado  






