Senior/Lead Information Technology Service Management (ITSM) Engineer - Government Programs at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-06-04




Senior/Lead Information Technology Service Management (ITSM) Engineer - Government Programs

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.Join MITRE's Computing Infrastructure & IT Service
Management Department (T863) and apply advanced approaches and technologies to
solve our nation's most critical technical and mission problems across multiple
work programs. Work with senior government officials, in partnership with
diverse customer groups, providing strategic direction and leadership in the
selection, engineering, integration, implementation and operation of
Infrastructure Engineering and IT Service Management.

 

Key Functions:


The candidate will lead, or be a part of, a technical team with primary expertise
in IT Service Management (ITSM) focusing on IT Service Delivery and the ITIL
Service Management Framework to include: 
 Service Design, Service-Level Management, Availability Management, Capacity Management,
IT Service Continuity Management, 
 Information Security Management System, Service Transition, Change Management,
Service Asset and Configuration Management, Release and Deployment Management, 
 Service Operation, Service/Help Desk, Application Management, IT Operations
Management, 
 Technical Management, Event Management, Incident Management, Request
Fulfillment, Problem Management, Identity Management/Access and Identity Management,
and
 Continual Service Improvement (CSI). 

 

The candidate will collaborate in, and/or lead, activities to ensure
knowledge creation/sharing and integration within and across all work programs
as appropriate.  The candidate should
also have familiarity, education, and/or experience in one or more of the
following disciplines and technologies:
1. Infrastructure Applications, Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as
a Service (PaaS), Cloud Computing (including virtualization, platform
migration, server consolidation, utility computing, grid computing, VPN,
wireless and mobile computing platforms, Storage Area Networks/ Network
Attached Storage (SAN/NAS), messaging, intrusion detection, intrusion
prevention, identity & privilege management and authentication). 2. Data Center Design, Operations, Consolidations, Migrations (including
servers, storage, workstations, voice and data networks, firewalls, cabling
systems, power distribution and environmental systems). 3. Infrastructure and Data Center Operations (including enterprise systems
management processes and tools, security architectures & tools-, directory
services, capacity management, performance tuning, service management, data
center planning & consolidation, configuration management and asset
management server & storage configuration). 











Required Qualifications:
Candidate must have 3 or more years of experience in 2 or more of the
following: 
 Infrastructure Engineering, Applications, and Network Architecture, 
 Service management, Service Delivery, 
 Cloud Computing, IaaS, PaaS, 
 Data Center -related Technologies, 
 Mobile Computing

 

Desired Qualifications:

 Certification(s) in ITSM-related frameworks 
Minimum Qualifications:Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or similar field, and 3 years of experience. Candidate must be able to demonstrate an ability to apply advanced principles, theories and concepts comparable to those obtained with a Master's degree in a relevant field of study. Candidate should understand the missions, domains and challenges of MITRE customers. In addition, the candidate understands that he/she will be fully responsible for deliverables-including definition, completion, and technical quality, as well as assuring consistency across the responsibility span. 
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Engineering 

Management 








