Information Systems Security Officer - RS-1621 at Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) in Atlanta, GA | IEEE



                            1 day old                        2018-05-072018-06-05




Information Systems Security Officer - RS-1621

Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) 


Atlanta, GA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
1621




Title: Information Systems Security Officer  - RS-1621 
                 JobID: 1621 
                 Location: Atlanta, GA 
                 Description: 
	


Job Classification:


Research Faculty




Areas of Expertise:


Cyber Security




Functional Roles:


Other




Degree:


Bachelor's; Master’s




Level of Experience:


Junior; Mid-Level



 
 



Field of Study:


Computer Engineering; Computer Science; Electrical Engineering; Information Systems; Information Security; Other




Rank:


Research Associate I (RAI); Research Associate II (RAII)




Location:


Atlanta, GA



 
 



Labs/Support Units:


Research Security (RS), Atlanta, GA



 
 



Description:
Information Systems Security Officer 
This is a full time opportunity with GTRI’s Research Security Department in Atlanta, GA. The position is for an experienced Information Systems Security Officer who has interest in intellectually challenging and rewarding work. We value bright, intellectually curious, growth oriented professionals and provide a work environment that allows work / life balance and opportunity for growth.
INTERNAL TITLE: Research Associate I/II
POSITION SUMMARY:
Manage Information Security for a world class applied research organization.
This position is for an Information Systems Security Officer (ISSO). The ISSO is responsible for managing all information system security requirements for GTRI accredited systems. The candidate will provide technical and security expertise to ensure system security requirements are properly configured and policies adhered to by privileged and general users.
The successful candidate will have demonstrated deep technical and Industrial Security knowledge as well as provided comprehensive Cyber Security support through a system’s full lifecycle. In addition, the candidate should be able to research policies and regulations, productively interact with various agencies and levels of management, and contribute to establishing and maintaining accredited information systems.
REQUIREMENTS THAT MUST BE MET TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS POSITION:

US Citizenship AND a current Top Secret clearance
At least 3 years of experience with BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems Management, or Information Assurance/Security
Must possess or be willing to obtain CISSP, Security+, and/or other applicable certifications in compliance with DoD Directive 8570
Should have experience with JSIG, RMF, ICD 503, NIST 800, NISPOM and ISFO.
Experience providing COMSEC support and working with Controlled Cryptographic Items (e.g. key loading devices and encryptors). 
Experience with information systems Incident Response Teams
Experience with or have worked as most of the following:  Linux Administrator (Linux+), Windows Administrator (all OSs including legacy systems), Generic/Proprietary System Administrator, Information System Auditor, Information Systems Security Officer/Engineer, Data Security Analyst, Network Control Technician.
Experience identifying system vulnerabilities and implementing mitigation strategies.

ADDITIONAL PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS

Excellent written and verbal communication skills at all levels of an organization
An active TS//SCI security clearance is a major plus
CISSP or Security+ is preferred at the time of hire, but must be obtained within six (6) months of hiring
Experience in an environment and culture steeped in teamwork and collaboration working on challenging technical projects
Experience working with XACTA

 ABOUT GEORGIA TECH RESEARCH INSTITUTE
GTRI is a great place for intellectually curious, world class technology oriented engineering and scientific talent to work. Our projects are challenging, expanding and cutting edge applied research. In addition we offer competitive pay, excellent benefits, professional growth, freedom for approved outside consulting, and a defined career growth strategy.
GTRI employs over 1300 world class engineers and scientists. We recruit talent from such diverse areas as: Cyber Security Jobs, Big Data Jobs and Data Intelligence Jobs, Computer Science Jobs, Software Engineering Jobs, High Performance Computing Jobs ( HPC Jobs ), Hardware Design Jobs, Embedded System Design Jobs, Communication Systems Design Jobs, High Speed Networks Jobs,  Electromagnetics Jobs ( EM Jobs ) including Radar Systems Jobs, Antenna Design Jobs, Electronic Warfare Jobs, Sensor Design Jobs, Intelligent Systems Jobs, Systems Engineering Jobs and others.



 




Categories



Engineering 

Information Technology 








