Senior Cybersecurity Engineer - 00048306 at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-232018-06-04




Senior Cybersecurity Engineer - 00048306

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.
 
Job Highlights:
 
As a member of the Defensive Operations organization within MITRE you will have the opportunity to leverage your past experience to improve the governments ability to detect and respond to cyber adversary attacks. We support a number of Departments and Agencies located throughout the Northern Virginia and DC metro area and are always looking for talented staff to join us. Our key functions include:
 
Cyber Security Operations Center (CSOC) support: Review, recommend, and help implement best practice technical, programmatic, procedural, and policy changes within CSOCs. Support existing CSOC changes and new CSOC stand up.
 
Defensive Architectures: Develop cyber defense architectures to support more efficient and effective detection and response. Improve the integration of sensor architectures, tools, analytic platforms, and threat intel sources. 
 
TTP evaluation and development: Develop, operationalize, and improve and/or evaluate tools, techniques, and procedures (TTPs) for detecting and responding to modern cyber threats.
 
Cyber Security Analytics: Focus on applying state-of-the-art data analytics to cyber security problems, including threat detection, understanding what is normal, and better targeting for in-depth analysis.
 










Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or similar field, and 3 years of experience
Experience in one or more of the following areas: incident response, cyber threat hunting, cyber threat intelligence, cybersecurity engineering, and/or cybersecurity analytics. 

Strong knowledge of advanced cyber threats and adversary methodologies.

Ability to document and/or present ideas and findings such that others can easily learn from or make decisions based upon the material.

Ability to develop new ideas and techniques that advance the state of the practice for cyber defensive operations.


*Applicants selected for this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. 


Top Secret security clearancePreferred Qualifications:
TS/SCI with Poly security clearance 
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Engineering 








