Lead Information Systems Engineer at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            27 days old                        2018-04-112018-06-04




Lead Information Systems Engineer

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now







MITRE, a Fortune 100 Best Company To Work For, is seeking a Lead Information Systems Engineer.  In this position you will perform duties associated with the design and development of enterprise-wide information systems.  The Senior/Lead Information Systems Engineer is expected to apply expertise across a broad range of engineering disciplines to ensure systems exceed customer expectations.    You will work with senior level DoD, Intelligence Agency, and other government staff members to shape the development of their Information Systems.
Work as a strong individual contributor, provide thought leadership and technical subject matter expertise and advance capability for the Department domain knowledge and capabilities that align with strategic/significant sponsor needs and challenges. 
Collaborate with industry, academia, and MITRE Technical Centers, portfolio and program divisions in innovation and research initiatives related to data engineering and information science and help shape the research agenda for the division. 
Contribute to the technical work program of one or more projects and provide technical guidance and quality products focused on successful sponsor outcomes, including strong support, leadership, and encouragement for the transition of research results to sponsor operations. 
Provide exemplary leadership, caring mentorship, and collaborative technical advice to staff related to Department domain knowledge or capabilities.











Required Skills and Educational Experience
 
PhD with a minimum of 1 year of related experience
 
Data engineering (managing massive data volume, velocity, variety, information cleansing & refinement, information models & architectures)
Design techniques and tradeoff analysis for scalability, availability, extensibility, redundancy, load balancing
Cloud computing and virtualization
Information management
Software development and scriptingMust have good analytical, written, presentation, and interpersonal communication skills. Must possess a strong aptitude to work in a research-focused program. Able to interact and defend positions with senior DoD officials. 
Desired Skills
Software design
Deep working knowledge of specific tools and technologies (e.g., DBMS, ETL)
Service Oriented Architecture
Web services 
Cybersecurity
Attribute Based Access Control
Agile development and agile acquisition
Information exchange/interface specificationMinimum Qualifications
 
BS and 8 years Experience 
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Programming/Systems 








