Senior Software Engineer at Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. in Pullman, WA | IEEE



                            10 hours                        2018-05-082018-06-06




Senior Software Engineer

Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. 


Pullman, WA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
137935759




Jobid: 137935759
		Job Title: Senior Software Engineer
		Location: Washington - Pullman
Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories (SEL) seeks experienced Software/Firmware Engineers for our Senior Software Engineer position. This person will work across multi functional teams supporting SEL’s most advanced protection relays, the 400 series! If you are interested in working on SEL’s flagship relay using cutting edge technology, primarily focused on embedded C, this position is for you! ResponsibilitiesLead development of specifications.Lead design of firmware/software.Lead implementation of firmware/software designs.Understand hardware and software interactions, and collaborate with Hardware Engineers.Analyze test plans and test results.Lead the development of designs and test documentation.Mentor Engineers, Associate Engineers, and Technicians.Review data sheets and instruction manuals.Serve as project manager and/or project technical contact.Participate in industry technical meetings and conferences as needed to meet operational and strategic plans.Lead development of R&D processes.Continuously identify, measure, and improve processes.Other duties as assigned.QualificationsB.S. in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or equivalentTypically 6+ years’ experience in either of the following areas:--Embedded systems firmware development including:-- real-time firmware design-- C and assembly languagesEmbedded Linux systems development including:-- C-- Other scripting languagesProven experience leading and completing complex projectsAbility to meet Motor Vehicle Report Qualification Standards of SELStrong writing, documentation, and speaking skillsAbility to learn new skills and assume new responsibilitiesAbility to work cooperatively in a team environmentBackground check results satisfactory to SELNegative drug test result(s)Preferred QualificationsIndustrial controls3-phase electric power systemsModern communications protocolsDigital and analog circuitryDigital communications and signal processingProject managementLocation InformationPullman, WA- SEL’s corporate office is located in Eastern Washington where you'll enjoy an unmatched quality of life. Enjoy the smaller town life: country space, freedom from traffic, easy access to recreational activities in nearby mountains, rivers, and forests, as well as great schools and universities.An Award Winning CompanySchweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. (SEL) has earned a reputation for quality, reliability, integrity, and service. This has enabled us to expand within both the electric utility and industrial markets in many different industries, markets, and geographies around the world.Communication with ApplicantsSEL sends an initial e-mail response to all applicants at time of résumé or CV submittal. If you do not receive this communication, please check your SPAM filter and make sure your system is not blocking e-mails from SEL. It is important that you ensure your receipt of this e-mail as SEL may communicate future position updates via e-mail. SEL is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  
SEL invents, designs, and builds digital products and systems that protect power grids around the world. This technology prevents blackouts and enables customers to improve power system reliability and safety at a reduced cost. A 100 percent employee-owned company headquartered in Pullman, Washington, SEL has manufactured products in the United States since 1984 and now serves customers worldwide. Our mission is simple: to make electric power safer, more reliable, and more economical. 



Categories



Engineering 

Information Technology 

Software Engineering 

Computer Engineering 

Signal Processing 

Quality Control 

Communications 

Instrumentation and Measurement 

Management 








