Wireless Signal Processing Engineer - 00047066 at MITRE in Bedford, MA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-06-04




Wireless Signal Processing Engineer - 00047066

                                                            MITRE                                                    


Bedford, MA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.

We are looking for motivated and innovative engineers interested in signal processing and machine learning research and development to enhance our nation's systems for wireless communications.

Key Functions: Apply signal processing, electrical engineering, systems engineering, computer science, and machine learning to developing, applying and evaluating signal processing algorithms for secure wireless communications systems. 












Required Skills: Background in electrical engineering, physics or mathematics, clear structured thought process, coherent decision making skills, ability to expand skill set to solve new problems, ability to work in classified environment

Preferred Skills:  Strong foundation in signal processing and/or machinelearning. Academic and/or professional experience with as many of the following topics as possible: digital signal processing, stochastic processes, linear algebra, wireless communications, modulation, coding, equalization, synchronization, detection, estimation, probabilistic reasoning, graphical models, iterative receiver design, MIMO, one or more of Python, C/C++, or MATLAB, data reduction, analysis, and visualization.
 

 
Level2
 
Secret
 
 
Categories



Engineering 

Information Technology 

Biotechnology / Science 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Computer Engineering 

Signal Processing 

Communications 

Research 








