Signals Intelligence Engineer SEAL 1144 at Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) in Warner Robins, GA | IEEE



                            1 day old                        2018-05-072018-06-05




Signals Intelligence Engineer SEAL 1144

Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) 


Warner Robins, GA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
1144




Title: Signals Intelligence Engineer SEAL 1144 
                 JobID: 1144 
                 Location: Warner Robins, GA 
                 Description: JOB DESCRIPTION
 
Position Title:     Signals Intelligence Engineer  
Department:         GTRI/SEAL
Division:                Sensor Software Applications Program Office
Location:              Warner Robins, GA                    
 
Work with the Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) signals intelligence group to define needed new capabilities.  For those capabilities, define concept of operations (CONOPs) and requirements.  This assignment will support a new architecture and design for major improvements to support INTEL tasking, collection, processing, analysis and dissemination for the weapons system.  This position will contribute to the implementation of specific new capabilities for incorporation into the weapon system.
EDUCATION, SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE
Degrees Preferred:   Bachelors, Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Computer, or Software
Years of Experience: 5 years task relevant experience
DESIRABLE KNOWLEDGE, ABILITY AND SKILLS

Strong software/systems engineering background.
2+ years of experience working with ISR systems.
A strong aptitude and or knowledge of ISR systems operations and engineering
Experience in ISR system design, development, engineering, test, evaluation, and data analysis
Experience in the preparation of technical reports, technical briefings, and technical drawings
Works well in a collaborative environment and is able to contribute to plans to prioritize activities.
Requires a high degree of judgment and exemplary customer service skills.
Demonstrates good judgment in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions.
Excellent interpersonal, communications and project support skills.
Excellent logic and reasoning skills and ability to work in a self-guided environment.
Must be US Citizen and have ability to obtain a security clearance.





Categories



Engineering 








