Assistant Professor at University of Victoria, Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering in Victoria, British Columbia V8W 2Y2 | IEEE


                            19 days old                        2018-04-182018-06-17




Assistant Professor

                                                            University of Victoria, Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering                                                    


Victoria, British Columbia V8W 2Y2 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now

                                Please see Job Details for Apply instructions                            






Job Code
PSEC1

Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time




Faculty of Engineering, Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering
University of Victoria
Assistant Professor in Electrical and Computer Engineering
The Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Victoria, invites applications for a tenure track position with expertise in cybersecurity and privacy, data science, and machine learning. The appointment, effective January 1, 2019, will be made at the rank of Assistant Professor.
Candidates must have a Ph.D. degree by the time of appointment in Electrical or Computer Engineering, or Ph.D. degree in related disciplines, and be able to provide strong evidence of teaching excellence and high quality research which is competitive at an international level with wide impact. Candidates working at the intersection of cybersecurity and artificial intelligence and data science and cybersecurity are encouraged to apply.
The following are the requirements of a candidate for the position:

Demonstrate sound expertise in areas of cybersecurity and privacy as arise within modern (and emerging) large-scale complex software systems and systems-of-systems.
Demonstrate sound expertise in areas of data science such as statistical data analytics, machine learning, information storage and retrieval, and/or data visualization.
Demonstrate the ability to effectively teach courses in cybersecurity and data science, as well as fundamental courses taught within the department’s undergraduate programs, as evidenced through course evaluations or reference letters.
Demonstrate a strong research record as evidenced by peer reviewed publications/contributions.
Professional Engineering (P.Eng.) registration in the province of British Columbia (or commitment to registration) is a necessary condition for the appointment. Please clearly indicate your status or eligibility.

The University of Victoria is one of the top research universities in Canada measured by citation impact. The Department has 28 faculty members, three of which are Fellows of the IEEE. Research interests include power electronics, multiprocessor systems, distributed systems, communications, microwaves, digital signal processing, VLSI design, control systems, cybersecurity etc. There is an active and outstanding group of cybersecurity faculty in the ECE department at the University of Victoria, collaborating in research and graduate and undergraduate education. There are currently about 220 graduate students. The Department operates a highly successful undergraduate cooperative education program and a graduate co-op option is also available. More information on the Department can be found at http://www.ece.uvic.ca/.
Applicants should submit their letters of application, CV, teaching statement, teaching dossier, statements of research interests, and electronic mail addresses and fax numbers of three referees. Applications should be submitted to https://academicjobsonline.org/ajo/jobs/11090. Please note you are asked to upload your CV and other personal information to the service, which is provided for the convenience of you and your referees. The service stores its data on servers located outside of Canada; the data is therefore not in the custody or under the control of the University of Victoria. You may wish to review the privacy statement on http://academicjobsonline.org/ajo. If you do not wish to use this service, please email eceasst@uvic.ca to request application submission instructions.
The closing date for applications is August 1, 2018.
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us:
Michael McGuire, ChairDepartment of Electrical and Computer EngineeringUniversity of VictoriaP.O. Box 1700 STN CSCVictoria, B.C. V8W 2Y2CanadaTelephone: +1-250-721-8684E-mail: ecechair@uvic.caWeb:https://www.uvic.ca/engineering/ece/index.php

Faculty and Librarians at the University of Victoria are governed by the provisions of the Collective Agreement.  Members are represented by the University of Victoria Faculty Association (http://www.uvicfa.ca).
The University of Victoria is an equity employer and encourages applications from women, persons with disabilities, visible minorities, Aboriginal Peoples, people of all sexual orientations and genders, and others who may contribute to the further diversification of the University.  All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, in accordance with Canadian immigration requirements, Canadians citizens and permanent residents will be given priority.
 
Requirements
Please see job description above.
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Engineering 

Faculty 

Research 





