Lead Unified Communications Systems Engineer at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-04-072018-06-04




Lead Unified Communications Systems Engineer

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.
 
 
Join the MITRE team and use your engineering skills to influence how the United States Army provides its cloud, data center and enterprise services including Unified Communications. This work requires a self-starting, highly motivated, collaborative individual that is comfortable engaging with internal and external stakeholders up to and including General Officers. 
 










 
Required:
 
Possess strong cloud, data center, enterprise service, communications and systems engineering skills
Possess experience in one or more of the following areas: physical and virtual data center & cloud technologies such as OpenStack/VMware, primary and alternative power and cooling systems, Skype for Business and comparative technologies. 
Experience with engineering large scale deployment in these areas: cloud, data center, communication systems and enterprise services.
Possess an active secret clearance with the ability to obtain and maintain a TS/SCI clearance. 
Preferred:
 
Master's degree in Systems Engineering, Computer Science or Related Disciplines
Possess Acquisition management experience
DoD and Army domain knowledge 
Possess an active TS/SCI clearance 
Minimum:
BS Systems Engineering, Computer Science or Related Disciplines
8 years of relevant experience 
Categories



Engineering 

Information Technology 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Computer Engineering 

Communications 








