Post doctoral fellowship positions in Clinical Machine Learning at Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller Institute, University of Southern Denmark in Odense, Fyn 5230 | IEEE


                            20 days old                        2018-04-182018-05-18




Post doctoral fellowship positions in Clinical Machine Learning

                                                            Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller Institute, University of Southern Denmark                                                    


Odense, Fyn 5230 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Job TypeContract




 
The group of Machine Learning and Data Science - Embodied Systems for Robotics and Learning at the Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller Institute invites applications for open post doctoral fellowship positions in Clinical Machine Learning and Data Science. Applicants are required to have a proven research track record and a PhD degree in one of the following domains:

Biomedical Engineering
Applied Mathematics or Physics
Biostatistics
Robotics and Artificial Intelligence 

The successful candidates are expected to engage in various projects in the domain of clinical machine learning including Bowel diseases, Neurodegenerative diseases, and Diabetes.Further information is available from Prof. Esmaeil Nadimi, phone +45 27 78 19 29, email: esi@mmmi.sdu.dkRequirements for the position Employment as a postdoc requires scientific qualifications at PhD level.Applications will be assessed by an expert. Applicants will be informed of their assessment by the Faculty. An interview might be part of the assessment process.Conditions of employment Employment as a postdoc is temporary. The employment will cease without further notice at the end of the period.Employment is governed by the Protocol on PhD Research Fellows signed by the Danish Ministry of Finance and the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations.Research will be predominant in the position. Teaching assignments can be agreed individually. Furthermore, other types of assignments may occur to a limited degree.The Faculty determines the distribution of the various assignments. The weighting of the different assignments may vary over time.Application Your application must be uploaded through the link "Apply Online". Attached files must be in Adobe PDF or Word format.  Please read guidelines for applicants. All pdf-files must be unlocked and allow binding and may not be password protected.In case you have more than one file per field you need to combine the pdf-files into a single file, as each field handles only one file.Each box can only contain a single file of max. 10 Mb.The applications must include:

Application
 Curriculum Vitae
 Certificates/Diplomas (MSc, PhD) - Danish or English transcripts
 Information on previous teaching experience, please attach as Teaching portfolio
 List of publications indicating the publications attached
 Examples of the most relevant publications. Please attach one pdf-file for each publication, a possible co-author statement must be a part of this pdf-file

 The University wishes our staff to reflect the diversity of society and thus welcomes applications from all qualified candidates regardless of personal background.The application must be in English.Further information for international applicants about entering and working in Denmark.Further information about The Faculty of Engineering.You can only apply for the position through our website  www.sdu.dk/en/service/ledige_stillinger.  Your application must be registered in our system on the 11/05/2018 at 23.59.59 CET at the latest.
  
Categories



Research 

Robotics 

Biomedical Engineering 

Information Technology 

Software Engineering 





