Wireless Communications & Networking Engineer at MITRE in Bedford, MA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-06-04




Wireless Communications & Networking Engineer

                                                            MITRE                                                    


Bedford, MA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.

The MITRE Corporations Operational Innovation and Transformation Department seeks candidates to evaluate, characterize, assess, and test leading-edge Department of Defense communications equipment prior to operational fielding.  Put your communications and network engineering skills and operator-focused mindset to work on some our nations most difficult challenges!
 

The Department seeks candidates with knowledge and interest in wireless communications, networking, and RF and signals analysis. Candidates should have experience with IP networking, software programming with a preference for Python, hands-on experience and knowledge of software and hardware tools for network engineering, signals analysis, and familiarity with laboratory-based evaluation. The selected individual will be responsible for analyzing communications equipment capabilities and intended use; deriving, creating, and executing mission-relevant test plans; and capturing and analyzing the equipments performance prior to operational use. This work will provide improved fielded solutions for the DoDs expanding tactical communication needs. The individual will be working with both experienced MITRE engineers (responsible for implementing the data link systems on platforms) and also with sponsor representatives.

This work is a critical segment of the departments work program which spans mission-focused experimentation for rapid capabilities innovation, assessment, and acquisition; systems engineering for operational/active warfighters; and mission-centric software/system product lines focused on dismount/operator-centric systems and software/system foundations such as tactical data interoperability and DevOps. The departments key technical concentration areas include network and communications engineering, software engineering and development, and cloud and DevOps, all grounded in strong systems engineering fundamentals and significant operational domain expertise.
 










Required Qualifications: 

Strong technical problem solving skills 
Effective communication, documentation, and presentation skills
Ability to work in a collaborative team environment 
Self-motivated and drivenPreferred Qualifications:

Strong understanding of RF communications, networking technologies, and signals analysis
Experience and familiarity with laboratory-based wireless network testing and analysis
Proficient in Python, Java, or other current programming language(s)Minimum Education:
BS or a MS degree in Electrical or Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or a similar field  
Level2
 
Secret

 
Categories



Engineering 

Information Technology 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Software Engineering 

Computer Engineering 

Communications 








