Multi-Discipline Systems Engineer 00048783 at MITRE in Bedford, MA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-142018-06-04




Multi-Discipline Systems Engineer 00048783

                                                            MITRE                                                    


Bedford, MA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.








<br />
<br />
MITRE's Engineering and Analysis Dept is seeking a
motivated individual who will use his/her critical thinking abilities,
organization skills, and experience in analysis, engineering, or science to
perform in-depth technical research, analysis, requirements and concept
development, and other tasks supporting operational systems and national
security priorities.

 

The candidate will apply critical
thinking skills in performing research, conducting systems and requirements
analysis, and producing written and briefing assessments of engineering,
scientific, operational and/or intelligence data as sources of information to
address complex sponsor problems or key research questions.  Key duties and functions include:

     
Communicate
key concepts and technical information 

     
Perform
complex data analyses applying engineering rigor

     
Learn and
apply new technologies to a changing environment

     
Work with
a team to develop and integrate innovative solutions

     
Research,
analyze and evaluate technical system requirements 

     
Support concept
of operations (CONOPS) development and provide inputs to future operational
systems architectures

     
Produce
high-quality draft written reports and briefing products with minimal
supervision












Minimum Qualifications:Bachelors Degree in one of the following disciplines, Electrical,  Computer or Systems Engineering or similar field and 8 years related experience.  The candidate should possess the ability to define projects or programs greater than themselves.    Candidate understands that he/she will be responsible for work and/or customer relationship development and will acts according toand guides others towardthe proper balance of a) product depth with timeliness and b) technical improvements with programmatic constraints, even when hard compromises are required. Preferred candidates will be recognized by senior management as a thought leader.








<br />
<br />
Desired Qualifications:

     
Masters Degree in Systems Engineering

     
Understanding of national security, military
operations, intelligence and/or defense fields

Required Qualifications:

     
BS degree
in Engineering or Applied Sciences

     
Critical
thinking, problem solving and analysis skills

     
Strong knowledge of/applied skills in
science, math & data analysis

     
Team player with good written and
verbal communication skills


 
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Programming/Systems 








