Senior Software Developer at Randstad Technologies, LLC in Woburn, Massachusetts 01801 | IEEE


                            13 days old                        2018-04-242018-05-24




Senior Software Developer

                                                            Randstad Technologies, LLC                                                    


Woburn, Massachusetts 01801 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now

                                Please see Job Details for Apply instructions                            





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time
Shift1st Shift




Senior Software Developers. Multiple openings. Headquarters: Woburn, MA. Analyze systems and design, develop, implement, and monitor applications. Translate specifications and designs into code, elevate code to environments on schedule, and provide production support. Create design solutions and POCs, ensure continuous delivery, and develop test suites. Identify issues and risks, create data visualizations, and develop risk mitigation plans. Work with Java, J2EE, JavaScript, Angular JS, HTML, CSS, Ajax, Rest, Spring, SQL, and Oracle. 40 hrs/wk. Must have Master's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Electr Engineering, Bioinformatics, or a related field (will accept a Bachelor's degree plus 5 years of progressive post baccalaureate experience in lieu of a Master's) and 1 year experience (or 1 year experience as a Technology Analyst, Systems Engineer, or related occupation). Must have 1 year experience working with Java, J2EE, JavaScript, Angular JS, HTML, CSS, and Ajax. Must be willing to travel/relocate to unanticipated locations throughout the US on short notice for extended periods of time. Mail resume clearly indicating job title and Ref ID #838607 to: Barbara Tuck, Randstad Technologies, LLC, PO Box 2993, Woburn, MA 01888-1793. 
Requirements
See Job Description.
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Software Engineering 





