Systems Engineer Staff / Infrared Camera Systems Engineer / Santa Barbara , CA at Lockheed Martin in Goleta, CA | IEEE



                            13 days old                        2018-04-252018-05-25




Systems Engineer Staff / Infrared Camera Systems Engineer / Santa Barbara , CA

                                                            Lockheed Martin                                                    


Goleta, CA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
431134BR





We are looking for a motivated, driven systems engineer capable of working on technical teams in the development of IR sensors. The candidate must have excellent presentation skills and strong customer coordination to interface with internal and external customers. The candidate will be responsible for helping develop future products as well as executing in the support of existing products currently in production. The candidate should be capable of performing EO/IR analysis and modeling to support in the development of system concepts, and to verify designs meet their requirements. This engineer will act as project engineer, and develop into a technical lead. They will make plans, monitors program tasks, track schedules, budgets, and earned value. Engineer will also perform system debugging and troubleshooting, and provide technical direction and support to production operationsYou will have the opportunity to work within a small site with a big impact for a large corporation. The Multi-disciplined engineering team provides exposure and growth potential in a number of areas and the ability to interact directly with industry experts, directors, and customers. Located near UCSB and the beach with great weather, outdoor lifestyle, and diverse culture with the option to work a flexible schedule- so you can enjoy all that the Santa Barbara area has to offerRelocation: Relocation assistance is possible for this exciting position. The Locale: Goleta is a city in southern Santa Barbara County, California. Goleta is part of the central coast region of California and offers lots of great scenery and is a great place to live and to raise a family. The region is known primarily for agriculture and tourism. Major crops include wine grapes, lettuce, strawberries, and artichokes. Goleta is near the University of California, Santa Barbara campus. Much of Goleta is considered to be a quiet suburban community while Santa Barbara tends to attract most of the tourists and the area's residents. Goleta is about 8 miles west of the city of Santa Barbara, along the coast (the coast runs east to west in this portion of southern California). Where can you drive to from Goleta? Goleta is 2 hours northwest of Los Angeles. San Francisco is about 5 hours to the north of Goleta. Las Vegas, NV is about 5 hours to the northeastMFCREFERBasic Qualifications• Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college in an engineering, mathematics, or science field• System engineering background• Imaging system engineering experience• Basic electronics understanding• Capability to perform calculations for multiple engineering tasks• Excellent presentation and written communications skills• Understanding of infrared sensor systems and supporting electrical, mechanical, and optical systems• Troubleshooting and failure analysis of sophisticated hardware• Software programming or data analysis experience• Ability to obtain a secret security clearance so must be a US CitizenDesired skills• Master’s degree or PhD from an accredited college in related discipline• Experience with performance analysis of IR camera systems• Ability to lead technical teams to meet cost, schedule, and performance goals• Understanding of FPA manufacturing technologies• Closed cycle cryogenic systems• Vacuum packaging• MATLAB programming expertise• Radiometric testing and analysis of IR systems or sensors• Familiar with high vacuum and ESD handling requirements• Electrical background or familiarity with electronics and equipment related to infrared video collection, analysis, and test• Experience with modeling IR/EO system performanceAs a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territoriesJoin us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrowLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability statusJob Location(s): Goleta California  






