Cyber Security Project Mgr at Lockheed Martin in San Diego, CA | IEEE



                            30 days old                        2018-04-082018-05-08




Cyber Security Project Mgr

                                                            Lockheed Martin                                                    


San Diego, CA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
387293BR





At Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems (RMS), we are driven by innovation and integrity. We believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and visionary thinking, everything is within our reach – and yours as a Lockheed Martin employee. Lockheed Martin values your skills, training and education. Come and experience your future!This position is for Cyber Security Project Manager. Candidate will be performing security audits, risk assessments, and analyses. Candidate will be responsible for making recommendations for enhancing data systems security . Candidate will lead the researching attempted breaches of data security and rectifying security weaknesses . Candidate will be formulate security policies and procedures. Candidate will be leading multiple projects related to cyber. Candidate should be disciplined, self-starter, professional who can successfully bring projects to closure with minimum direction, guidance and oversightMinimum security clearance needed: Secret with the ability to obtain Top SecretJob Location: San Diego, CA and/or China Lake, CAThis position is contingent upon contract award and is subject to change. Anticipated award date is April/May 2017Basic Qualifications- Candidate should have demonstrated experience in the ability to supervise, direct, and coordinate a variety of Information Technology (IT) work. -Candidate experience should include performing contractual, financial, and administrative work to include, at a minimum, project controls, strategic management, and senior level communication. - Candidate should have a strong understanding of cyber securityDesired skills- Candidate should have minimum of 12 years of professional experience and a Master’s degree in a business or science/technical field from an accredited college or university or 16 years of professional experience and a Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university in a business or science/technical field. Bachelor's Degree or higher in Computer Science, InformationTechnology, or a related discipline or equivalent work experienceAs a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territoriesJoin us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrowLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability statusJob Location(s): San Diego California  






