Senior Navigation Systems/Signal Processing Engineer at MITRE in Bedford, MA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-212018-06-04




Senior Navigation Systems/Signal Processing Engineer

                                                            MITRE                                                    


Bedford, MA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.

Be part of a high-impact national Position, Navigation, and Timing (PNT) FFRDC team.  MITRE has developed a national PNT strategy & is executing on it.  Career opportunities exist at all levels to define the future of PNT and address the nations most critical navigation and timing needs.  Come build this critical infrastructure  a future resilient PNT enterprise that is integrated, comprehensive, forward looking.  We need your innovation to solve the most challenging problems in PNT.

You will work as part of a nationally recognized team of experts and multi-disciplinary engineers in developing, applying, and evaluating state-of-the-art PNT techniques and technologies (includes PNT resilience, PNT situational awareness, and counter-PNT). Candidates would make the following contributions:

postulate, develop, implement, and evaluate state-of-the-art signal processing algorithms for multi-sensor navigation systems (Satnav, inertial, clocks, alternative navigation technologies, etc.)
develop next generation Satnav signals
develop modernized navigation tools
define and develop open software architectures
analyze PNT equipment vulnerabilities to threats
develop anti-jam, robust, resilient techniques and applications
advance receiver technology (MITRE built 1st M-Code receiver)
develop and assess alternate PNT techniques to create assured PNT infrastructure
mature advanced concepts to high technology readiness.

To do this, the successful candidate will:

apply electrical engineering, systems engineering, mechanical engineering and aerospace engineering disciplines to a diverse set of challenges
demonstrate an exceptionally clear thought process and coherent decision-making skills
adapt and expand skillset to solve diverse problems
remain focused on high impact technical contributions
learn quickly on the job
influence defense and intelligence community sponsors and other contractors
lead small technical teams.












The candidate shall have core skills in:

digital signal processing
wireless communications
probability theory & stochastic processes
estimation & detection theory
antenna design & propagation theory
orbital mechanics
linear systems theory
non-linear system theory
state-space modeling
software development, debugging, and support

The candidate shall have academic or professional experience in the following domains:

satellite navigation systems (Global Positioning Systems, Galileo, GLONASS, etc.)
satnav receiver design and algorithm implementation
Kalman filter implementation, tuning, and augmentation
inertial measurement unit design, inertial sensor error modeling
navigation in rotating reference frames
image and video processing
formal large-scale systems engineering
field testing and laboratory testing
data parsing, reduction, analysis, and visualization
Matlab, Python, or equivalent mathematical computation, modeling, and simulation tools
Minimum Education/Experience:
BS in electrical engineering, physics, mathematics, or computer science and 1-5 years of related experience


Preferred Education 
MS or PhD in same disciplines
 
Level3
 
Secret




 
Categories



Engineering 

Information Technology 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Antennas and Propagation 

Signal Processing 

Aerospace and Electronic Systems 

Instrumentation and Measurement 

Communications 








