EUCOM J6 Lead Theater Communications Systems Engineer at MITRE in Böblingen, BW 71032 | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-212018-05-20




EUCOM J6 Lead Theater Communications Systems Engineer

                                                            MITRE                                                    


Böblingen, BW 71032 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.
The European Operations Department is seeking a highly motivated candidate to provide systems engineering, communication expertise, and operational/mission analysis support to the US European Command (USEUCOM) Communication and C4I directorate (J6).  The successful candidate will further development of USEUCOM C4I capabilities, and operations through requirements development, communication engineering analysis, functional analysis, across HQ EUCOM directorates, components, coalition, allies and partners.  The role is expected to be focused on assisting Theater communications, mission focused integration of enterprise services and weapon systems, and overall command Continuity of Operations (COOP) analysis, implementation planning, and execution.  This position is located in Stuttgart, Germany.  

 
Key Functions:
Provide on-site systems engineering, technical system expertise, and analysis support to USEUCOM J6 focusing on Theater communications, mission focused integration of enterprise services and weapon systems, and overall command Continuity of Operations (COOP) analysis, implementation planning, and execution.
Support a diverse set of key C4I activities, to include stakeholder and mission analysis, mission system capability analysis, communication systems engineering and integration, requirements definition, technical suitability assessments, and doctrine and policy development.
Provide mission analysis on Command plans and contingencies and develop and integrate plans, annexes, and appendixes.
Provide development/refinement C4I and mission systems identifying and recommending means (technical, programmatic, material/non-material) to address gaps and shortfalls and functional analysis.  
The successful candidate will effectively analyze EUCOM, DOD guidance, strategy, and outcome documents as the basis for applying systems engineering/technical expertise developing proposed solutions, resource strategies, and assessing current and potential C4I systems.
Act as Subject Matter and Systems Engineering Expert at directorate, command, theater, and DoD meetings and working groups.
Interaction with the senior leadership and staff within USEUCOM and with external agencies and organizations to include partner nations.
Provide technical advice to senior leadership on C4 systems, theater communications, and COOP.












Preferred Qualifications
Experience/Understanding of combatant command, joint, and multinational operations. 
Strong understanding and experience with Theater communications. 
Knowledge of DoD Deliberate and crises planning and experience developing and the integration of specific annexes and plans. 
Candidate should have a working knowledge of US policies, doctrine related to C4I (JP 6.0) and Operations (JP 3.0).
Experience and understanding of the application of communications systems supporting operations and the integration of multi-domain planning and mission execution to achieve commanders desired effects. 
Ability to self-manage assigned work, work with minimal supervision, work in small cross-functional teams, and interact effectively with the sponsor and senior-level decision makers.
Experience working with advanced technologies and sensitive information in the defense and commercial communications, NC3 systems, and science and technology sectors
Exposure with technology approaches to defeat A2/AD capabilities, especially within existing DOD or IC programs
Experience preparing independent assessments and analysis of alternatives.
Critical thinking and problem-solving skills to include independent analysis of situations and solutions to address high level guidance and customer outcomes
Analytic skills to include the ability to integrate data to produce recommendations with relevant objective evidence/artifacts.
Facilitation skills to include planning and designing group processes, recording decisions, and ensuring action is applied to outputs.
Exposure to MITRE business processes and rhythms including MIP, tech center and program division collaboration, and MITRE business process for staffing and funding.
Required qualifications
Experience working with DoD C4I systems.
Demonstrated ability in assessing current DoD, community policy, standards, architecture, and technologies as a basis to lead development of proposed courses of actions, strategies, and plans.
Candidate must possess a TS/SCI clearance.
Working knowledge of communications and operations Joint doctrine, and mission planning.
Strong communication skills, and experience communicating concepts and technical approaches to Senior DOD leaders, staff, and engineering personnel.Minimum Qualifications:Bachelors Degree in one of the following disciplines, Electrical,  Computer or Systems Engineering or similar field and 8 years related experience.  The candidate should possess the ability to define projects or programs greater than themselves.    Candidate understands that he/she will be responsible for work and/or customer relationship development and will act according toand guides others towardthe proper balance of a) product depth with timeliness and b) technical improvements with programmatic constraints, even when hard compromises are required. Preferred candidates will be recognized by senior management as a thought leader.
 
Categories



Engineering 

Information Technology 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Communications 








