Lead Cyber Security - Cyber Operations at MITRE in Lexington Park, MD | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-05-27




Lead Cyber Security - Cyber Operations

                                                            MITRE                                                    


Lexington Park, MD 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





This role is supporting new and exciting Cyber focused project work, supporting and protecting cutting edge technology within the Naval Aviation Portfolio as a department Cyber subject matter expert.
 
Key Functions: Able to apply information assurance experience with non-heterogeneous networks and multiple security enclaves as often exist aboard naval air platforms, and the ability to articulate cyber vulnerabilities to government managers in simple, straight-forward language for mitigation resourcing consideration.  Demonstrate an advanced understanding of the Risk Management Framework and how to apply it within the context of combat aircraft mission objectives. Candidate must also have familiarity with Anti-Tamper policy and Critical Program information, Critical Technology (CPI/CT) determination. 
 
Ability to work in a team environment as well as independently, demonstrate excellent problem-solving abilities, be well organized, flexible, and self-motivated.
 
Required Qualifications: 5 years experience with cyber susceptibility identification and vulnerability/risk analysis; air-to-ground, air-to-air digital data links and telemetry; and with DoD aircraft network architectures and standards. Excellent organizational and communications skills, and the ability to effectively interact with staff at all levels.
 
Preferred Qualifications: Technical field experience including 10+ years at the Specialist level or the equivalent in job-relevant work experience.  
Minimum Qualifications:
Secret Clearance Required, Top Secret Clearance Desired.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or similar field and 8 years of experience. 
Candidate demonstrates an ability to apply advanced principles, theories and concepts comparable to those obtained with a Master's degree in a relevant field of study. 
Candidate understands the missions, domains and challenges of MITRE customers and is fully responsible for deliverables-including definition, completion, and technical quality, as well as assuring consistency across the responsibility span. 
Candidate is able to define projects or programs greater than themselves.  
Categories



Engineering 

Information Technology 

Computer Engineering 

Communications 








