R&D Electrical Engineer - Aircraft Compatibility (Early/Mid-Career)  at Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque, New Mexico | IEEE


                            18 days old                        2018-04-202018-05-20




R&D Electrical Engineer - Aircraft Compatibility (Early/Mid-Career) 

                                                            Sandia National Laboratories                                                    


Albuquerque, New Mexico 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time




We are seeking a R&D S&E, Electrical Engineer
On any given day, you may be called on to:

Plan, execute, analyze and report on electrical aircraft/weapon interfaces through compatibility testing with US Air Force and NATO fighters and bombers.
Interface with NNSA & US Air Force customers/stakeholders.

This position requires moderate travel, both foreign and domestic
Department Description:
The ARG & Aircraft Compatibility organization consists of two teams whose roles are critical to maintaining the viability, technical confidence and operational readiness of the US nuclear weapons stockpile. The Aircraft Compatibility team maintains compatibility of nuclear weapons with their carrier aircraft. This team works with military engineering and operational organizations, aircraft contractors, and Sandia¿s weapon systems departments in the design and certification of the aircraft/weapon interface. Members oversee the laboratory and flight testing of their assigned weapon systems to include evaluating data, investigating anomalies and reporting results. Personnel use a variety of engineering tools that represent electrical and functional characteristics of a war reserve weapon. The project is a continuing process of certification and recertification of aircraft nuclear weapon system compatibility. The Accident Response Group team provides world-wide support to the NNSA and DoD in resolving incidents or accidents involving U.S. nuclear weapons or components. This team provides leadership in developing incident and accident scenarios that are then used to exercise and assess the international, national, and local resources brought to bear should a real-world event occur.
About Sandia:
Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs:

Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide
Extraordinary co-workers
Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world
Career advancement and enrichment opportunities
Flexible schedules, generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance*

World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov
*These benefits vary by job classification.
EEO Statement:
Equal opportunity employer/Disability/Vet/GLBT 
Requirements
Required:

Bachelor's and advanced degree (Masters or PhD) in relevant STEM discipline; or Bachelor’s degree in relevant STEM discipline plus four years relevant engineering experience may be considered in lieu of an advanced degree
Digital design experience
Education or experience with digital/analog data acquisition
Data analysis experience

Desired:

Master’s degree in relevant STEM discipline plus two or more years’ experience; or bachelor's and doctorate in relevant STEM discipline.
Weapons program experience at SNL or other DOD organizations.
Design experience with either MicroProcessors, FPGAs, or ASICs.
Software programming experience.
Experience with MILSTD1553 digital interface.
Experience leading or participating in Flight Test activities.
Demonstrated communication skills including technical writing and presentations to large multiagency audiences.
Active US DOE security clearance.

Security Clearance:
Position requires a Department of Energy (DOE) granted Q-level security clearance.
Sandia is required by DOE directive to conduct a pre-employment drug testing, and a pre-employment background review that includes personal reference checks, law enforcement record and credit checks, and employment and education verifications. Applicants for employment must be able to obtain and maintain a DOE Q-level security clearance, which requires U.S. citizenship.
Applicants offered employment with Sandia are subject to a federal background investigation to meet the requirements for access to classified information or matter if the duties of the position require a DOE security clearance. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause a clearance to be denied or terminated by the DOE, rendering the inability to perform the duties assigned and resulting in termination of employment.
Categories



Electronics Engineer 

Research 





