Lead Strategic Modeling Analyst at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-06-04




Lead Strategic Modeling Analyst

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Join MITREs new Strategic Analysis department (J84E) to develop, lead, and execute enterprise-level performance analyses supporting investment decisions for new systems within the Government. The focus of the analyses is to evaluate the operational impact of new systems within larger architectures rather than solely examine the technical performance of the systems. This holistic view enables high-level trades to be made with recommendations on where the Government should focus R&D and acquisition efforts. The analyses also serve to identify and guide more detailed examination of key performance drivers within an architecture. Across MITRE, Strategic Analysis includes, but is not limited to, high fidelity models in ISR & C2 domains, scenario mapping, decision & data analytics and other MSEA disciplines. The Strategic Analysis Department will cultivate these and other competencies as needed, to foster a rigorous strategic analysis capability within MITRE. The intent is to engage and collaborate with sponsors early on, pre-analysis-of-alternatives and at the appropriate levels, to facilitate better decisions at strategic levels. Initial focus will be on MITREs Joint & Service portfolios, with future expansion across the full spectrum of MITRE sponsors.Responsibilities will include task leadership, personal technical contribution, production and review of technical products, and direct interaction with government research sponsors. Successful candidates will  Lead teams focused on the modeling and application of complex systems.  Develop models and simulations to measure the operational effectiveness of systems within a larger architecture. As an example, estimate the impact of a new ground surveillance radar on an architectures effectiveness to strike targets within the context of communications, command and control, and enemy threats.  Identify and define appropriate scenario contexts for the analyses to ensure a spectrum of capabilities are assessed.  Perform analyses to assess the performance of current and future systems, identify improved applications and techniques, and ultimately recommend solutions.  Promote MITRE through project and program development and will further the development of customer relationships internal and external to MITRE.  Guide and mentor junior staff in the art and science of analysis to shape the future workforce.










Required Qualifications:This is a technical organization. We are interested in highly motivated technical professionals who not only practice strategic analysis, but can also lead other professionals and projects in the interdisciplinary modeling domain.  B.S. (or higher) in math, physics, engineering, or related disciplines and 4 years of related experience  Experience applying modeling, simulation, and analyses techniques to system performance assessments  Experience leading multi person teams of varied technical backgrounds at various points in their careers  Experience in technical, customer facing roles leveraging in-depth knowledge of customers operations/business  Strong analytical, problem solving, communication, and interpersonal skills  Secret security clearance
Preferred Qualifications: M.S. (or higher) in math, physics, engineering, or related disciplines and 8 years of related experience  Demonstrated success in developing new technical business areas leveraging knowledge of customers operations/business and recognizing and following through on opportunities  Demonstrated ability to effectively partner with customers to manage trades among schedule, budget, and technical considerations of products  Ability to effectively communicate complex technical topics at multiple levels as appropriate for the audience  Working knowledge of military operations and Government acquisition processes  Experience using analytical software tools for modeling, simulation, and analysis of complex systems  Top Secret clearance with SCI access
 
Categories



Engineering 

Instrumentation and Measurement 

Communications 








