Senior Business Analyst at Randstad Technologies, LLC in Woburn, Massachusetts 01801 | IEEE


                            5 days old                        2018-05-032018-06-02




Senior Business Analyst

                                                            Randstad Technologies, LLC                                                    


Woburn, Massachusetts 01801 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now

                                Please see Job Details for Apply instructions                            





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time
Shift1st Shift




Senior Business Analysts. Multiple openings. Headquarters: Woburn, MA. Conduct JAD and walkthrough sessions to gather and document software requirements. Perform requirement, gap, and impact analysis and write and implement test scenarios and test cases. Create user stories and mapping documents and identify potential problems and areas for improvement. Create and document Swimlanes using Visio and monitor network files submitted. Propose solutions to resolve provider file errors and write queries to pull data for different markets. Work with Oracle, Visio, SQL, Toad, Access, Informatica, Facets, Jira, and Confluence. 40 hrs/wk. Must have Master's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Electr Engineering, or a related field (will accept a Bachelor's degree plus 5 years of progressive post baccalaureate experience in lieu of a Master's) and 1 year experience (or 1 year experience as an IT Consultant, Systems Engineer, Software Engineer, or related occupation). Must have 1 year experience performing requirement, gap and impact analysis, writing and implementing test scenarios and test cases, and working with Oracle and Visio. Must be willing to travel/relocate to unanticipated locations throughout the US on short notice for extended periods of time. Mail resume clearly indicating job title and Ref ID #570528 to: Barbara Tuck, Randstad Technologies, LLC, PO Box 2993, Woburn, MA 01888-1793. 
Requirements
See Job Description.
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Software Engineering 





