Founding Director, The School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at UND College of Engineering & Mines-Dean's Office in Grand Forks, North Dakota 58202 | IEEE


                            10 days old                        2018-04-272018-05-27




Founding Director, The School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science

                                                            UND College of Engineering & Mines-Dean's Office                                                    


Grand Forks, North Dakota 58202 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now

                                Please see Job Details for Apply instructions                            





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time




Founding Director of School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science
The newly formed School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (SEECS) at the University of North Dakota (UND) invites applications and nominations for the position of Founding Director. The new School combines the departments of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and has specializations in areas including data science, cyber security, high-performance computing, biomedical, communications, controls, electronics, electromagnetics, power, image processing, computer engineering and UAS. Both traditional and online B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees are offered.
The University of North Dakota is located in Grand Forks, North Dakota, which has been rated one of the top communities in the nation in which to live and work (www.gochamber.org/relocation-guide.html). Outstanding features include excellent schools, affordable housing, and safe neighborhoods. UND, one of the nation’s premier public research universities, (2018 U.S. News & World Report’s list of Top 25 Most Innovative Schools), is at an exciting crossroads in its 130-year history. UND is implementing a One UND Strategic Plan that will set the course for the next several years and is designed to promote thoughtful and strategic growth (http://und.edu/strategic-planning/). UND’s goal is to generate opportunity for the state by diversifying its economy and addressing societal grand challenges through cutting-edge research. The new School is positioned to play a key role as a leader in implementing this new strategic plan, and the Founding Director has the opportunity to shape its future.
The Director will be part of the leadership team for the College of Engineering and Mines (CEM), and will have the opportunity to enhance all facets of the school through transformational leadership. Among the primary responsibilities, the Director will be expected to grow the research enterprise in the department specifically areas related to Grand Challenges while maintaining a strong, ABET-accredited undergraduate program; foster a welcoming environment that promotes collegiality and diversity; provide mentorship to junior faculty; and promote the department’s activities among both internal and external constituencies.
Salary is commensurate with experience. Benefits can be found on UND’s Human Resources web site. UND is an EO/AA employer, and the university strongly encourages applications from candidates who would enhance the diversity of the school, including female applicants.
Applications are currently being accepted and will be reviewed continuously beginning May 15. The position will remain open until filled. Applicants should send an application letter, a resume, a vision for the new School (include a discussion for building and maintaining a progressive curriculum, balanced and growing research portfolio, student oriented program, and industrial/alumni/interdisciplinary collaboration), and the names and addresses of four references. Reference letters will only be required for finalists. Questions can be directed to the search committee chairperson, Dr. Michael Mann at michael.mann@enrg.und.edu. Please visit https://und.edu/finance-operations/human-resources-payroll/careers/secure/job-openings-external.cfm and to view the complete posting. 
Requirements
Applicants should have a PhD in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or an equivalent field. Applications without a PhD, but relevant industry experience will also be considered. Evidence of an excellent research record as demonstrated by sustained funding and experience with ABET, online education and experiential learning is required. Demonstrated ability to establish and implement an organizational vision and evidence of the experience working effectively with external constituents (alumni, community leaders, and industry representatives) are also required.
Categories



Computer Engineering 

Electronics Engineer 

Research 





