Contamination Control Engineer at Lockheed Martin in Littleton, CO | IEEE



                            13 days old                        2018-04-252018-05-25




Contamination Control Engineer

                                                            Lockheed Martin                                                    


Littleton, CO 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
430541BR





The Lockheed Martin Space Contamination Control Engineering team is looking for a candidate to develop and implement Contamination Control practices used to build spacecraft. This may include establishing requirements, developing and executing test plans, coordinating with other disciplines and customers, and troubleshooting anomalies. Contamination Control Engineer (CCE) based in Space Denver supporting multiple space programs and central engineering. Evaluates technical and economic factors, recommending engineering and manufacturing actions for attainment of design objectives of process or product by applying knowledge of contamination control and related technologies. Candidate will have the opportunity to work with multiple organizations from design through launch as part of a full spacecraft build and test. Candidates may derive and specify contamination control requirements, develop or optimize manufacturing processes, facility requirements, and monitoring controls for maintaining space hardware cleanliness/performance throughout hardware life cycle. Develops and implements detailed Contamination Control Plans and Requirements Specifications. Oversees and coordinates contamination issues involved with Program manufacturing, systems integration and test, transportation, launch base integration, and on-orbit checkout. Develops test plans and investigation plans for technical problems and reports results and solutions to program management. Reviews product failure data and interprets laboratory tests and analyses to provide verification of hardware cleanliness requirements. Plans and implements laboratory operations to develop procedures for precision cleaning and verification to fulfill product cost and performance standards. Evaluates supplier facilities and processes and establishes qualification criteria for compliance to contamination control requirementsThe candidate will work on a team with a mix of early career and experienced professionals. This is a great opportunity to get a broad understanding of how Lockheed Martin Space operatesBasic QualificationsBachelors Degree in Engineering, Chemistry, Physics, Materials Science or related background or field of study. Familiarity with contamination control for space applications. Excellent writing, communication, and interpersonal skills. Ability to obtain a security clearance to the TS/SCI levelExperience in or Familiarity with cleanrooms, precision cleaning, materials testing, thermal vacuum test or Quartz Crystal Microbalance (QCM) monitoringU.S CitizenDesired skillsDetail oriented with an ability to multi-task, handle shifting priorities and timeline pressure to meet project deadlines. Familiarity or knowledge of IEST-STD-CC1246, ISO-14644, ASTM E 1548, analytical laboratory equipment or techniques that can be translated to specialized contamination monitoring equipment and toolsAny experience with precision cleaning of hardware or producing verification products for government customersBasic knowledge of MS Office Suite and SharePoint is highly desiredAs a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territoriesJoin us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrowLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability statusJob Location(s): Littleton Colorado  






