Project Engineer, Facilities (early career) at Lockheed Martin in Silverdale, WA | IEEE



                            15 days old                        2018-04-232018-05-23




Project Engineer, Facilities (early career)

                                                            Lockheed Martin                                                    


Silverdale, WA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
431369BR





Space is not a place to go – space is a place to do! Going to space is just the beginning. It’s what you do when you get there that matters. Because space is a place to do big, important, epic things that connect people around the world, advance the frontiers of science, and help militaries protect what matters most. Lockheed Martin builds the technology that gets things done in space. Exploring the solar system. Predicting the weather. Delivering precise GPS. Detecting and defeating missile launches. At Lockheed Martin, we don’t just think big thoughts. We get things done. So become a Lockheed Martin Space Project Engineer. You are meant to make a differenceThe Project Engineer will join our team in Silverdale, WA to support, help coordinate, and ensure the completion of Facility Engineering projects. The Project Engineer will exercise technical authority for the planning, design, control, integration and/or the completion of assigned Facility Engineering projects to include major facility modifications, construction projects, Class III support equipment projects, and facility systems engineering projects for the Trident II missile. Duties for the Project Engineer include development and review of planning packages for engineering data packages; drawings, specifications, testing/acceptance procedures and cost estimates. Support project management in the execution of assigned projects with cost, technical and schedule authority. The Project Engineer will plan and formulate engineering program reviews, product design for compliance with engineering principles, company standards, customer contract requirements, and related specifications. Coordinates and participates in activities concerned with technical development, scheduling, and resolving engineering design and test problemsThe Project Engineers will liaise with internal and external stakeholders on the planning of activities to ensure production needs are addressed. Assist in the audit Missile processing facilities to ensure compliance to programmatic documentationSkills for the Project Engineer include: Civil Engineer, Mechanical Engineer, Electrical Engineer, AutoCAD, REVIT, Pro-E, 2D/3D design software, Secret clearance** This position requires a government security clearance and only candidates with US Citizenship will be considered. **Basic Qualifications- Bachelor's degree in Civil, Mechanical, or Electrical Engineering, or related field- Computer assisted drafting (AutoCAD, REVIT, Pro-E or equivalent 2D/3D design software)- Ability to acquire knowledge of building systems and/or the construction/repair techniques and the planning skills needed to effectively execute projects- Coordinate the execution of engineering projects from start to finish- Create work products for planning and scheduling for design, inspection and/or testing activities- US Citizenship and the ability to obtain/maintain a Secret security clearanceDesired skills- Conceptualize the integration of systems or equipment into existing process or space- Create schedules in Microsoft Project- Create facility modification cost estimates- Excellent verbal and written communication- Demonstrated ability to Team- Seeking to become licensed Professional Engineer (FE/PE)- Active Secret clearanceAs a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territoriesJoin us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrowLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability statusJob Location(s): Silverdale Washington  






