Faculty Positions at The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology | IEEE


                            14 days old                        2018-04-242018-06-23




Faculty Positions

                                                            The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology                                                    



                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now

                                Please see Job Details for Apply instructions                            





Job TypeEmployee




The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology
Job Title: Faculty PositionsDepartment: Department of Ocean ScienceJob ID: 3756
Job Posting Details
The University is a world-class research institution with over 600 faculty members whose research ranges from science to engineering, business and social sciences. It is ranked No. 1 in Asia by QS World University ranking in 2011-2013. Located in the Clear Water Bay area, HKUST’s campus has a magnificent ocean view and is widely known as one of the most beautiful campuses in the world. The city of Hong Kong ranks among the most international and dynamic cities.
The University has set up a new Department of Ocean Science under the School of Science in February 2018. The new department will primarily focus on marine ecology (existing strength), oceanography, and ocean technology covering coastal region to deep-sea. The Department is seeking applications for tenure-track positions at the ranks of Assistant Professor or above in physical, chemical, biological oceanography, ocean sensor and sensing technology and ocean data science.
Applicants should have a PhD degree in any of the above fields, preferably with at least 2 years of post-doctoral experience. Successful candidates should have strong research track records. They are expected to establish an independent research program and contribute to the missions in undergraduate and postgraduate education of the newly established Department of Ocean Science. The medium of instruction is English.
HKUST offers internationally competitive salary commensurate with qualifications and experience. Fringe benefits include annual leave, medical and dental benefits. Housing benefits will also be provided where applicable. Initial appointment for Assistant Professor/Associate Professor will normally be on a three-year contract, renewable subject to mutual agreement. A gratuity will be payable upon successful completion of contract.
Application ProcedureApplication materials including a cover letter, detailed curriculum vitae, research accomplishment and proposal (maximum 3 pages), three representative publications and teaching statement (maximum 1 page) should be sent to the Chair of Search and Appointments Committee (ocessearch@ust.hk). Applicants should arrange at least 3 letters from referees directly to the Chair of Search and Appointments Committee to complete their application. The recruitment process will continue until all positions are filled.
(Information provided by applicants will be used for recruitment and other employment-related purposes only.) 
Categories



Faculty 





