Chief Communications Oficer at The Optical Society in Washington, District of Columbia 20036 | IEEE


                            18 days old                        2018-04-202018-05-20




Chief Communications Oficer

                                                            The Optical Society                                                    


Washington, District of Columbia 20036 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now

                                Please see Job Details for Apply instructions                            





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time




The Optical Society is recruiting for a Chief Communications Officer (CCO) who will develop and implement an exceptional communications plan for The Optical Society (OSA), directly managing communications activities that promote, enhance, and protect the organization’s messages and brand. The individual will be an ambassador for the organization and will build relationships with the volunteers and stakeholders across the globe, as well as with other members of the OSA Executive Team to ensure consistent branding, messaging and advocacy. The goal is to advance the organization’s position and visibility with relevant constituents, as well as to drive broader awareness and donor/financial support for OSA and the value and benefits of optics and photonics. The CCO serves as an active member of the Executive Team and works collaboratively across OSA to complete projects and meet/exceed goals.
 
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: 
1. Communications Strategy, Vision, and Leadership
Lead, direct, manage, monitor, and evaluate OSA Communications activities focused on internal and external relations to support OSA’s mission and enhance OSA’s reputation. Develop and implement an integrated strategic communications plan to advance OSA’s brand identity; broaden awareness of its programs and initiatives; and increase the visibility of its programs across key stakeholder audiences. Identify challenges and emerging issues faced by the organization. Work with Executive Team and staff to recognize internal and external communications opportunities and solutions, and define and execute appropriate strategies to support them. Provide input to the strategic planning process.
 
2. Organizational Branding and Marketing
Serve as principal convener of OSA Branding and Marketing Steering Committee composed of individuals from appropriate OSA divisions (Publishing, Meetings and Industry, Membership, Foundation, etc.). Work collaboratively with units and outside consultants as needed to develop and maintain a comprehensive branding strategy, updating current brand guidelines, creating templates for use, empowering units to be creative, and auditing their usage. The Steering Committee will be responsible for ensuring compliance with branding guidelines and messages throughout the organization in a consistent manner. The Steering Committee will also be responsible for ensuring that marketing and communications efforts throughout the organization are consistent in extending the OSA brand and logo.
 
3. OSA Digital Platforms
Serve as principal convener of OSA.org Steering Committee composed of individuals from appropriate OSA divisions (IT, Publishing, Meetings and Industry, Membership, Foundation, etc.) to ensure optimal visibility, timeliness, and consistent messaging on OSA.org and its constituent websites. Working with IT and outside consultants as needed, oversee, overhaul and redesign of and updates to OSA.org. Oversee video content strategy and creation across OSA platforms for brand, tone and voice.
 
4. Public Relations
Ensure effective development, implementation, and evaluation of public relations plans for individual programs. Initiate proactive focus on positioning OSA and evaluation of efforts and modification based on assessment. Work with individual OSA divisions to develop social media guidelines and monitor compliance with guidelines. Ensure that all opportunities for the CEO, Executive Team and Officers are fully vetted. Draft materials for the CEO and officers of OSA as needed, including speeches, messages, columns, presentations, and introductions. Use various forms of video to create engaging stories which align with our brand values and goals.
 
5. Internal Communications 
Develop and deliver an annual internal communications strategy, with goals of promoting strategy and brand awareness and inspiring employee engagement across the company.Strategically manage and partner with key stakeholders with content development and programming across communication delivery channels including intranet, all staff meetings, events, webcasts, digital communications and email distribution. Work with highly confidential materials across a wide spectrum of constituencies and coordinate multiple projects simultaneously. Establish, interpret and recommend communications for company-wide policies and practices.Collaborate with PR Director to anticipate and manage internal and external crisis communications.
 
SECONDARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
 

Oversee special projects/initiatives as requested
Liaise with teams and organization for crisis management
Oversee, coach, and mentor staff by challenging, motivating, and promoting their professional development through goal-setting and effective evaluations
Anticipate operational needs and plan accordingly for appropriate staffing, costs, and efficient operations
Establish policies and procedures for communications and ensure the development of operational guidelines as needed  

 
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:
 

Master’s degree required; candidates with relevant experience will be given priority
Fifteen years’ professional work experience in progressively more responsible roles in external and internal communications, branding, including at least five years professional work experience in project management and proven supervisory experience
Experience working with a volunteer, governance-driven science-based organization (i.e., professional & individual membership); priority will be given to candidates who have worked in scientific/engineering nonprofit organizations and scientific/engineering societies
Experience with a fast-paced office environment and shifting priorities
Strong record of accomplishment of high integrity, sound judgment, confidentiality, and discretion

 
SKILLS AND ABILITIES:
 

Strong interpersonal skills, including ability to operate diplomatically, effectively, and collegially with volunteers, members, customers, colleagues, and staff
Outstanding leadership; oral and communication skills
Ability to lead by example, develop and challenge staff, and develop effective teams
Innovative and resourceful problem-solving ability, focus, and initiative
Ability to see the “big picture,” think strategically, synthesize large amounts of data and information, and draw appropriate conclusions
Excellent planning and project management skills, with a keen attention to prioritization, execution, deadlines, and efficiency
Excellent financial skills from developing and managing budgets to analyzing return on investment, explaining variances, writing budget narratives, and making projections
Ability to adapt to a rapidly changing situation/fast paced environment
Ability to travel domestically and internationally 

 
 
Located in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington, DC, OSA offers a competitive salary and excellent benefits. Please send your resume and cover letter with salary requirements to resumes@osa.org. 
 
  
Categories



Communications 





