IS Faculty Search Announcement for Fall 2018 at Emporia State University in Emporia, Kansas 66801 | IEEE


                            29 days old                        2018-04-092018-06-08




IS Faculty Search Announcement for Fall 2018

                                                            Emporia State University                                                    


Emporia, Kansas 66801 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now

                                Please see Job Details for Apply instructions                            





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time
Shift1st Shift




The School of Business at Emporia State University is seeking a qualified Information Systems candidate to fill one tenure-track, nine-month position beginning August 2018, at the rank of Assistant or Associate Professor. Academic rank and salary is commensurate with experience and qualifications. The position is housed in the AACSB-accredited School of Business. The position is contingent on approval of the School of Business’s proposal of two new programs by the Kansas Board of Regents. 
Requirements
Position Requirements:
The position seeks candidates with a Ph.D. in Information Systems, Computer Science, or a related discipline with a focus in Information Security and/or Business Data Analytics.  ABDs completing their degree by June 1, 2019, will be considered. Primary areas of research and teaching include: Data Analytics/Intelligence, Network, and Security in both undergraduate and graduate programs. Relevant teaching experience (including online instruction) or industry experience in information security, computer networks, and data analytics (ex: computer forensics, applied cryptography, counter intelligence, computer networks, business intelligence, data mining, etc.) is a plus. The position requires teaching courses at both undergraduate and graduate levels with face-to-face and online environments. The successful candidate will exhibit potential for excellence in teaching, active research, and scholarly activities leading to publications in peer-reviewed journals. The successful candidate is also expected to make contributions in service to the School, the University, and the broader community.
 
About the University and Department:
Emporia State University is a comprehensive university with an enrollment of approximately 6,000. The School of Business, with a faculty of 31, provides educational services to approximately 950 students. The School of Business is accredited by AACSB International. Among its academic programs are Bachelor of Science in Business with majors in Computer Science and Information Systems. A minor in data security was recently approved and a bachelor of science in Business Data Analytics and a new Master of Science in Information Technology program is pending approval by the Kansas Board of Regents.
 
About the Community:
The city of Emporia has 26,500 residents, a rich cultural heritage, a diversified economy based on agriculture, more than 30 manufacturing enterprises and retail shopping facilities. The region is noted for the rolling expansive Flint Hills of east central Kansas with major recreation areas located close by. Emporia is centrally located between Kansas City, Wichita, and Topeka. For more information, visit www.emporia.edu.
 
Application:
To apply, electronically submit a cover letter addressing the position requirements, current vitae, statement of teaching and research, summary of teaching experiences with evaluations (if applicable), and contact details (including telephone numbers and e-mail addresses) of at least three current or recent references to Glenda Estes at gestes@emporia.edu with a subject line of “IS SEARCH”. Review of applications will begin immediately, and will continue until the position is filled. Questions should be addressed to Dr. Mohammed Sajedur Rahman, Chair of the Search Committee (mrahman@emporia.edu). A background check is required.
 
Emporia State is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, national origin, ethnicity, religion, gender, sex, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, parental status, sexual orientation, genetic information, status as an individual with disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other factors which cannot be considered by law.www.emporia.edu.
Categories



Faculty 

Information Technology 





