Computer Science, Staff_Geospatial Computing at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-06-04




Computer Science, Staff_Geospatial Computing

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





This position will support the defense and intelligence community, homeland security interests, and various civilian government organizations in advancing geospatial systems or analysis systems. Various tasks might involve detailed system design, development, and data processing or be involved in the architecture and oversight of a major program. At any level T836 is involved in some of the most critical and fundamental IT challenges facing the federal government today.
 


Required Skills:


Familiarity with IT system architecture and design, with specific experience in the application of Analytic Tools and GIS to defense, intelligence, law enforcement and/or homeland security challenges. Strong written and verbal communication skills are expected and a good knowledge of system development best practices is essential. Information Systems Analysis Development skills  Familiarity with Web application development Familiarity with geospatial tools and data
This position is focused on advancing analytic tools and knowledge of those tools, large structured and unstructured data, and best practices is required.
 
The ability to lead a team or work independently on a project/task is required.
Desired Skills


Knowledge of various COTS software packages (e.g. ESRI, Palantir)  Hands on development experience with any programming language or combination of scripting languages (e.g. Python, Pearl, JAVA) is a plus. Knowledge of basic concepts like big data, 3D visualization, and temporal analysis are a plus.












Desired Education/Experience


BS or MS in the fields described above with strong hands on experience in building systems, working with unique data and complex IT situations. Any past system design expertise is a plus with knowledge of system life cycle and agile philosophies.
Required Education/Experience:


BS and 1 year experience or MS
 
Categories



Information Technology 








