Principle Data Management Advisor at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-05-27




Principle Data Management Advisor

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.
							Minimum Qualifications:Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or similar field, 10 years of related experience including 2 years of leadership experience. Candidate must demonstrate a willingness to be responsible for work and/or customer relationship development and will act according to-and guides others toward-the proper balance of a) product depth with timeliness and b) technical improvements with programmatic constraints, even when hard compromises are required. Preferred candidates will accept being recognized by senior management as a thought leader.  
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Engineering 








