Senior Software Developer at Randstad Technologies, LLC in Woburn, Massachusetts 01801 | IEEE


                            13 days old                        2018-04-242018-05-24




Senior Software Developer

                                                            Randstad Technologies, LLC                                                    


Woburn, Massachusetts 01801 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now

                                Please see Job Details for Apply instructions                            





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time
Shift1st Shift




Senior Software Developers. Multiple openings. Headquarters: Woburn, MA. Design and develop frontend interfaces using AngularJS and create responsive and adaptive UI applications using HTML and CSS. Implement Web Services and develop middle tier applications using Spring. Implement test driven development and create shell scripts for batch jobs. Develop test data tables, promote code to higher environments, and perform functional, unit, integration and performance testing. Work with HTML, Oracle, JSP, AngularJS, Karma, Jasmine, Protractor, Pivotal, Bitbucket, and Putty. 40 hrs/wk. Must have Master's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Electr Engineering, or a related field (will accept a Bachelor's degree plus 5 years of progressive post baccalaureate experience in lieu of a Master's) and 1 year experience (or 1 year experience as a Software Engineer, Technical Architect, System Analyst, or related occupation). Must have 1 year experience developing frontend interfaces, implementing Web Services, and working with HTML, Oracle, and JSP. Must be willing to travel/relocate to unanticipated locations throughout the US on short notice for extended periods of time. Mail resume clearly indicating job title and Ref ID #260266 to: Barbara Tuck, Randstad Technologies, LLC, PO Box 2993, Woburn, MA 01888-1793. 
Requirements
See Job Description.
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Software Engineering 





