Division Chief Engineer at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-05-20




Division Chief Engineer

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





The National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) and National Space Program (NSP) Division is seeking a Division Chief Engineer (CE) to join our leadership team at the MITRE McLean campus. The Division CE will work in partnership with the Technical Director, aligned Portfolio Directors, and Intelligence Programs CE to ensure execution of a high-impact, high-quality work program that achieves important sponsor outcomes.  The Division CE makes critically needed technical contributions, provides thought leadership, develops and executes technical strategy that informs discretionary investments to support and anticipate work-program shaping, pushes innovation into the work program to transform it, collaborates across the CE corps to achieve increases in efficiency and effectiveness, develops an exemplary technical reputation inside and outside of MITRE, and helps to develop and mentor the next generation of technical leaders.
 
Key Functions:
 
Technical Strategist, Leader, Advisor, and Contributor:
 
 Lead and participate in high-impact, high-visibility work efforts (e.g., Red Teams, Independent Technical Assessments, Special Studies, and/or longer-term work assignments) that substantially inform key sponsor decisions and enable key sponsor outcomes. 
 Provide key technical voice for the Program and Portfolio Divisions.
  Create, maintain, and lead the Program Divisions technical strategy and plan, working in partnership with the Technical Director and Portfolio Director to ensure alignment with the Portfolios Strategies.
 Guide technical investments, initiatives, and development of staff skills, division capabilities, and labs. Oversee lab investments and management.
  Serve as a senior technical advisor for key areas of the divisions work program working closely with Program and Portfolio Division leadership teams, and sponsors.
  Support all facets of P530s technical contributions to our primary customer base as well as our work-for-others components.
 
Technical Quality Lead:
 
  Ensure execution of a high-impact, high-quality work program that achieves important sponsor outcomes.
 Create, maintain, and lead the program division's technical quality program.  Implement and execute division-wide continuous improvement practices incorporating developmental approaches.
 Shape at program/project inception to facilitate high-quality, high-impact, technical work.
 Initiate and/or lead technical assessments of projects of concern or opportunity.
 Provide technical thought leadership and collaborate with Project Leaders, Department Heads, and Department Chief Engineers to ensure work is delivered with substantive technical content and sponsor value.
 Create and execute technical review and peer review processes to ensure that the right level of technical vetting is performed throughout the product development life-cycle.
  Initiate and/or lead independent technical assessments of projects of concern or opportunity.
 
Innovation Leader:
 
 Establish partnerships with Technical Center Leadership to ensure technical center subject matter experts are properly leveraged in the shaping and execution of the program division's technical quality program.
 Bring the world to bear (academia, industry, other FFRDCs/Government labs, etc.) to bring the best solutions to sponsors and enhance technical quality and impact of MITREs delivery.
  Drive innovation into the work program by leveraging and informing the MIP, facilitating engagement between MITRE researchers and relevant sponsors, and overseeing the transition of MIP research  results to sponsors to address mission outcomes.
 










Position Requirements:
 
Minimum Skills:
 
 Bachelors degree in an applicable discipline and 15 years of related experience. 
 Active TS/SCI required for this position. Candidate must also possess or successfully pass a government polygraph test. 
 Demonstrated technical leadership in a relevant domain.
 Experience in the application and oversight of quality programs.
 Demonstrated ability to develop trusted relationships and work collaboratively across MITRE and sponsor organizations.
 
Preferred Skills:
 
 Excellent oral and written communications skills including a demonstrated ability to work autonomously and as a member of a highly effective technical team. 
 A sense of urgency to address current and emerging mission challenges
 Detailed knowledge of NGA, National Reconnaissance Office (NRO), and the DoD / Intelligence Community overall. 
 Experience in GEOINT, Space Operations, Data Science and/or Automation
 Ability to quickly come up to speed on new technologies, acquisition programs, policies, and processes.
 Ability to collaborate across MITRE and leverage MITRE knowledge of operations, technology, policies and requirements relevant to P530s customer base.
 Ability to communicate technical requirements and analysis in laymans terms and inform business executives on key technical aspects that enables them to make relevant business-related decisions.
 Advanced degree in an applicable discipline and 15 years of related experience.
 Proven track record in managing research programs.
 
 
Categories



Engineering 

Robotics 

Communications 








