Full Time Online Instructor, Data Science Master's Program  at Rasmussen College in Online/Remote | IEEE


                            1+ months                        2018-03-142018-05-13




Full Time Online Instructor, Data Science Master's Program 

                                                            Rasmussen College                                                    


Online/Remote 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time




Full Time Instructor – Data Science Master’s Program
Rasmussen College is currently seeking an accomplished Doctoral prepared Instructor who is passionate about helping students succeed in meeting their educational goals.  Rasmussen is a great place to work if you are seeking a fulfilling yet challenging career opportunity. Our Instructors receive ongoing training and support to build upon their teaching, presentation and mentoring skills.
Responsibilities:
Rasmussen College Instructors are responsible for teaching courses in a variety of modalities while promoting and supporting the vision and mission of Rasmussen College. All graduate faculty include focus on the following areas:

Dynamic, Active Classroom
Subject Matter Expertise
Student Support and Professionalism

Dynamic, Active Classroom

Use of effective teaching strategies and multiple teaching techniques; teaching and modeling appropriate level learning skills and creating an environment conducive to learning.
Creating high levels of student engagement through activities, community building, and student-centered learning including the use of live classroom tools to hold synchronous learning sessions with students
Clarity, relevance, and connection of class session objectives to course performance objectives.
Organized classroom and efficient use of class time.

Subject Matter Expertise

Demonstrate mastery and ability to articulate and relate to students.
Play an integral role in the development and implementation of curriculum and assessment for their area of expertise.
Conduct or participate in scholarly research as it relates to the industry

Student and College Support and Professionalism

Faculty are responsible for creating a classroom presence in support of students in collaboration with their Dean
Student support and outreach that supports the success of students is accomplished through faculty availability to students in all courses through synchronous or asynchronous communication and meetings to help students achieve the learning objectives for their course(s).
Faculty will attend events, programmatic meetings, and committee work as agreed upon and or designated by the Dean.
Appropriate behavior, language, professional communication, demeanor and dress will be exhibited at all times.

Reporting Relationships:
This role reports the Academic Dean.
Teaching Workload:
Full-time Instructors are assigned 5 work units per academic quarter as follows:

3.75 work units for instruction
1.25 work units for scholarly work

 
 
 
Requirements
 
Required Qualifications:

A doctoral degree in Business Intelligence, Data Analytics, Data Mining, Data Science, Big Data, or other data-driven technology. If doctoral degree is not in one of the areas listed above, a doctoral degree in Computer Science with a specialty in one of the listed areas or a doctoral degree in Computer Science two years field experience is required.
A minimum of three years of teaching experience at the graduate level is required.
A successful candidate should have expertise or experience in the majority of the following technologies: OLAP, OLAP for Data Mining, SQL, SAS, JAVA, R, Python, C++, Java, SQL, NoSQL, SQL Server, SAS, ETL, and Data Transformation Tools.
Additional consideration will be given to candidates who possess any of the following current certifications: Certified Business Analysis Professional (CBAP), SQL Certification, SAS Certification, and/or Tableau Certification.

 
 
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Faculty 

Software Engineering 





