Fort Meade Career Invitational: 3-6 p.m. Tuesday, May 15 at MITRE in Annapolis Junction, MD | IEEE



                            20 days old                        2018-04-182018-06-04




Fort Meade Career Invitational: 3-6 p.m. Tuesday, May 15

                                                            MITRE                                                    


Annapolis Junction, MD 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





MITRE is  hosting a Career Invitational from 3-6 p.m. on Tuesday, May 15 for experienced Engineers and SMEs with TS/SCI Polygraph clearance. 
 
Join the MITRE Fort Meade Cyber Team that is dedicated to creating innovative solutions to defend the nation, gather intelligence, and project power in and through cyberspace.  We seek people who are skilled in the areas below, understand how missions are conducted, and have the vision, passion, and expertise for fulfilling those missions.
 
 Algorithm Analysis
 Antennas and RF Receivers
 Artificial Intelligence
 Acquisition and Program Management
 Capabilities Based Assessments
 Cyber/EW Access
 Cyber Operations
 Cyber Security Research and Transition 
 Cyber Security 
 Cyber System and Protocol Research
 Data Science/Analytics 
 DoD /Cyber Policy and Joint Staff/OSD experience 
 HW and SW Reverse Engineering 
 Infrastructure Device Analysis 
 Machine Learning 
 Mobile Device Analysis 
 Network Operations (Secret Clearance)
 Proof of Concept Exploitations 
 SAFe/DevOps (Secret Clearance) 
 Software Defined Networks
 System Administration
 Transport Infrastructure Modeling/Analysis (Secret Clearance)
 Video/Media Forensics 
 Weapon Systems Analysis
 










As a non-profit, MITRE operates seven Federally Funded Research and Development Centers and has been given the challenge to look beyond the horizon to identify upcoming hard problems, disruptors, and new solutions.  We take a holistic approach by blending disciplines including computer science, reverse engineering, RF engineering, signal processing, military operations, information warfare, policy analysis, and system architecture.  We invent and test new concepts and technologies through research, prototyping, and peer-reviewed papers.  
 
If you wish to be considered for the Invitational, please apply and upload your resume.
 
Categories



Engineering 

Biotechnology / Science 

Signal Processing 

Antennas and Propagation 

Research 








