Operations Research and Modeling and Simulation Engineer for Transportation at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-06-04




Operations Research and Modeling and Simulation Engineer for Transportation

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us. 
 
 
You will support our government sponsors by performing analysis, building or using models and simulations, and providing an analytic basis to equip our sponsors with important data they need to make key decisions. Our staff work on a diverse set of projects with a variety of sponsors: from the Federal Aviation Administrations (FAA) operational organizations, the Office of Airports, Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Office, as well as policy, environmental, safety, and legal offices; to the Department of Transportations policy, economic and legal offices. We also work with the Internal Revenue Service, Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Energy, and other government agencies. Our analysts work across the corporation supporting the missions of a diverse set of sponsors as we bring our analytic, modeling, and economic skills to bear on their important issues. In addition, our staff have had the opportunity to be heavily involved in the leading edge MITRE research program and our international work program. Our teams are working on projects involving major sponsor decisions at the nation's busiest airports. They are working with the university community in the development of ground breaking models and being leveraged across the government. Our team members are recognized experts and have developed capabilities that are setting industry standards. 
To support our growing work area in surface transportation modeling and analytics, we are seeking qualified candidates that can apply their knowledge of transportation systems, transportation policy, data analytics, operations research, and computer science to our Nations most pressing transportation problems. This is an exciting opportunity for you to apply your skills across a diverse work program that is making a difference. 
 
Key Functions: * Performing data based analytics in support of decision making * Big data processing and analysis * Building or using models and simulations * Developing solutions for difficult and ambiguous problems * Applying mathematical and statistical solutions * Working in a multi-disciplinary team environment and individually * Working with our sponsors to solve problems * Producing deliverables 










Required Qualifications: Ability to determine system performance criteria and conduct system performance assessments. Experience in operations research, statistics, forecasting, data analysis, modeling and simulation, scripting and programming languages. Experience formulating operational objectives and designing studies of research and decision-making processes. Work effectively in a team environment. High level of self-motivation and initiative. Strong communication abilities (written and verbal). Solid interpersonal skills. Preferred Qualifications: MS in Operations Research, Mathematics, Computer Science, System Engineering Experience in optimization, decision analysis, discrete event simulation Transportation data, policy and operations experience desired Experience in MATLAB, R, Python, SQL, JAVA, Tableau, Hadoop, Pig Minimum Education/Experience: BS and 3 years related 
 
Categories



Information Technology 

Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Energy 








