Test Engineer at Lockheed Martin in Annapolis Junction, MD | IEEE



                            26 days old                        2018-04-122018-05-12




Test Engineer

                                                            Lockheed Martin                                                    


Annapolis Junction, MD 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
430074BR





At Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems, we are driven by innovation and integrity. We believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and visionary thinking, everything is within our reach – and yours as Lockheed Martin employee. Lockheed Martin values your skills, training and education. Come and experience your future!As a test engineer, Lockheed Martin invites you to create “new realities,” enabling solutions that have never been seen before. You’ll work with fast-paced teams on diverse challenges, from creating out-of-the-box Web apps to designing software for legendary advanced projects. Whatever the project, you can rely on the backing of a global technology leader with a culture that values innovative thinking and the resources that make it happen. Stand on the shoulders of a rich heritage of achievement as you write our next chapterLockheed Martin is looking for a Test Engineer to join our team in our Annapolis Junction, MD office. The Software Engineer develops, maintains, and enhances complex and diverse software systems (e.g., processing-intensive analytics, novel algorithm development, manipulation of extremely large data sets, real-time systems, and business management information systems) based upon documented requirements. Works individually or as part of a team. Reviews and tests software components for adherence to the design requirements and documents test results. Resolves software problem reports. Utilizes software development and software design methodologies appropriate to the development environmentSo take on what’s never been done before. Become a Lockheed Martin Test Engineer. You are meant to solve the hardest challengesBasic QualificationsMust be able to analyze system requirements, concept of operation documents, and/or system documentation to develop test plans and procedures, prepare for and conduct the data collection and analysis and execute tests in an Agile environment. Shall be able to prepare test documentation such as test plans, procedures, test strategy, test readiness assessments, and test reports. Assess operational and system performance requirements for testability and criticality to frame and prioritize T&E objectives and enable evaluation planning. Must be familiar with risk assessments, metric collection, briefing the customer on status, cross team collaboration, and work estimation processesFive years experience as a Test Engineer in programs and contracts of similar scope, type and complexity is required. Bachelor’s degree in Math, Science, Engineering, Statistics, Engineering Management, or related discipline from an accredited college or university is requiredDesired skillsWrite scripts, tools, test automationIntegrationDeploymentsAs a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territoriesJoin us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrowLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability statusJob Location(s): Annapolis Junction Maryland  






