Director-Bioimage Analysis Center at St Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee 38105 | IEEE


                            1+ months                        2018-03-092018-05-08




Director-Bioimage Analysis Center

                                                            St Jude Children's Research Hospital                                                    


Memphis, Tennessee 38105 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Job TypeEmployee




The World’s Brightest Minds Always Innovate
At St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital, we know what can be achieved when the brightest scientific minds face the fewest barriers. That’s why we provide world-class facilities. State-of-the-art technologies. Extraordinary support. And a collaborative, bench-to-bedside environment where you can see, firsthand, how your science translates into survival for the children we serve. Quite simply, at St. Jude, we encourage you to dream big, and we give you everything you need to be the force behind our cures.
 
Director-Bioimage Analysis Center
Memphis, TN
 
Overview
We’re recruiting a Director for St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital’s BioImage Analysis Center. This critical role requires a strong leader with proven interdisciplinary experience to assemble a team of computational scientists and establish the computational infrastructure to meet institutional needs to analyze and quantitate microscopy imagery at large scales and high throughput. 
Responsibilities
St. Jude is a leader in investing in and implementing emerging imaging technologies to support basic scientific and translational research. In this role, you will partner with research programs institution-wide to amplify discoveries made using St. Jude’s unique array of cutting-edge light and electron microscopes resources as well as high-content screening platforms. Other responsibilities include:


Develop workflows for object detection & recognition, segmentation, classification, metric extraction, and statistical analysis of image data produced by research efforts ranging from the individual researcher up to programmatic, large-scale projects.


Direct a team in microscopy image data mining and image processing as well as utilizing existing commercial software packages or developing novel algorithms to extract biologically relevant information from data sets produced at SJCRH.


 Our highly collaborative, mission-driven environment requires a team-oriented individual with excellent communication skills and the following qualifications:
Minimum Experience


Five (5) years of related experience. Experience in computing or statistical data analysis, as well as, programming experience in using Imaris, Amira, ImageJ or Fiji programs and operating within a Linux system is preferred


Minimum Education


Ph.D. in Physics, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related field required


When you work at St. Jude, you enjoy:
Research that translates: Your work at St. Jude directly impacts patient care and advances discoveries that save the lives of children worldwide.
Stability and growth: Thanks to generous donors and completive grant support, our scientific progress is never halted and you’ll enjoy unmatched resources to do the science you’ve always dreamed of doing.
Award-winning environment: St Jude is consistently recognized by Fortune magazine as one of the "100 Best Companies to Work For" and has been named of one of Glassdoor’s top 10 “Best Places to Work” in 2018. 
Constant learning: From in-depth training to world-class seminars and symposia, you’ll be given constant opportunities to expand your knowledge, learn new skills and grow in your career.
Ready to join a team that is always innovating, because we believe anything is possible? 
Apply now at: http://bit.ly/2p0tH6s
St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital is an Equal Opportunity Employer. St. Jude does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, sex, genetic information, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, transgender status, veteran’s status or disabled veteran’s status with respect to employment opportunities.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment.  St. Jude engages in affirmative action to increase employment opportunities for minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities. 
Categories



Biomedical Engineering 





