Sr. Data Analytics Engineer - 00047386 at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-05-20




Sr. Data Analytics Engineer - 00047386

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us. 

Are you interested in defining capabilities to address technical issues of national importance and making a direct mission impact? In the Defense Intelligence Department, you can apply and expand data analysis and software development skills to recommend solutions to large-scale data challenges.  Join our team to develop automated methods to ingest and analyze large data sets; conduct data analysis and data modeling; and develop prototype capabilities. The candidate will be expected to work independently, and with analysts, to develop new workflows and approaches to answer questions of national significance.

Key FunctionsThe successful candidate will: Apply a variety of analytical techniques to solve customer challenges to include data mining, statistical models, predictive analytics, optimization, risk analysis, and data visualization 
Build and test prototypes in MITRE, government labs, and commercial cloud environments 
Perform independent reviews of contractor proposed architectures, designs and products 
Perform hands-on design, development, test and evaluation, and demonstration of advanced prototype software capabilities
Apply state of the art techniques, using multiple programming languages and development environments and open source code to drive advances in mission capabilities










Required Qualifications:
Bachelors degree or Masters degree in a technical field (e.g., computer science, statistics, operations research, bioinformatics, economics, computational biology, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering)
Deep experience in one or more languages (Python, Java, JavaScript, C++, R ) and Linux scripting 
knowledge of Cloud Computing technologies, particularly in the AWS environment
Passion for emerging technologies and solving real-world business problems or creatively advancing business operations. 
Strong technical documentation and presentation skills 
Proven ability to work effectively in a collaborative, teaming environmentPreferred Qualifications:The selected candidate may have: Masters or PhD in computer science, electrical engineering, software systems engineering, or a related technical field
Working knowledge of Java, Ruby, Python, database applications, XML, HTML, CSS, web services, commercial and open source tools, and modern operating systems
Demonstrated technical leadership 
Experience applying data sciences techniques, to include artificial intelligence, machine learning, statistical modeling and data visualization
Experience developing in a cloud environment and/or migrating capability to a commercial cloud 
Understanding of Big Data tools (e.g., NoSQL DB, Hadoop, Mongo DB, ElasticSearch)
Experience in agile software development paradigm (e.g., Scrum, XP), continuous software integration, test and deployment


Minimum Education/Experience:BS and 3 years related experience
 
Categories



Information Technology 

Biotechnology / Science 

Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Software Engineering 

Biomedical Engineering 








