Assistant Professors (tenure track) / Associate Professors in Electrical and Computer Engineering  at Department of Engineering (ENG), Aarhus University in Aarhus, Arhus 8200 | IEEE


                            1+ months                        2018-03-232018-05-22




Assistant Professors (tenure track) / Associate Professors in Electrical and Computer Engineering 

                                                            Department of Engineering (ENG), Aarhus University                                                    


Aarhus, Arhus 8200 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time




Department of Engineering (ENG), Aarhus University (AU) invites applications for a number of positions as assistant/tenure track assistant professors, or associate professors in the field of Electrical and Computer Engineering (ECE). The University has made an ambitious strategic investment in a 5-year recruitment plan to increase its activities significantly within research and education in the engineering sciences with the vision of bringing AU into the global engineering elite. In addition, Aarhus University is investing in a new Centre for Digitalisation, Big Data and Data Analytics called DIGIT (see http://digit.au.dk/). Therefore, the University seeks exceptional innovative and visionary engineering researchers to be part of this build-up to strengthen and develop ECE at Aarhus University.The positions are available from September 2018 or as soon as possible thereafter. Responsibilities include developing an innovative strategic research agenda together with colleagues and external partners, nurturing and leading excellent research activities, contributing to an inspiring and industrially relevant education at undergraduate and graduate levels and expanding industrial collaboration.These positions will support the strategic agenda of the university by extending the current range of strong competences in ECE within the following key disciplines and thereby supporting technologies like Internet of Things, 5G, Nano satellites, Artificial Intelligence, Block chains, Digital Twins, Cloud Computing, Brain Computing, Robotics and Digital Manufacturing:Assistant/Associate professors are sought in the areas of – but not limited to:I. Embedded systems – for example focusing on design, real-time, hw/sw co-design, reconfigurable computing, real-time operating systems, analysis, safety and testing.II. Distributed systems – for example focusing on security, dependability, resilience, confidentiality, privacy, cloud and architecture.III. Cyber-physical systems – for example focusing on heterogeneous modelling, dynamic evolution, co-simulation, design space exploration, systems of systems and 3D visualization.IV. Augmented and Virtual reality – for example focusing on software and tools for 3D visualization, collaborative learning, gamification and virtual environments to be used in engineering applications.V. Communications networks – for example focusing on communication fundamentals, systems, protocols and mechanisms for efficient, secure, and reliable communications such as e.g., blockchain technology.VI. Machine learning – for example focusing on representation learning, deep reinforcement learning, deep generative model learning, semi-supervised learning, ML for machine perception and design for hardware.VII. Digital computing systems – for example focusing on digital electronic design, (FPGA/ASIC) VLSI design for high performance computing, neuromorphic computing, and approximate computing.VIII. Analog electronics - for example focusing on analog design in CMOS technology and beyond for high speed low power analog-to-digital conversion, low power sensor interfacing circuits, and new paradigms in analog computing and design.IX. Bioelectronics – with a strong focus on the electrical engineering aspects, for example focusing on interfacing biomaterials and electronic devices, biosensors, neurotechnology, active devices in biomaterials, electron transfer in proteins, and biocomputing.X. Power electronics – for example with focus on semiconductor power device technology, component, circuit and system integration for conversion, management and control of electric power in electronic systems for emerging applications.XI. Photonics – from a strong electrical engineering perspective, for example focusing on (monolithic) electronic-photonic integration, co-simulation, chip-to-chip (board-level) interconnection, and optical communications.For each of the positions, it is crucial that candidates hold a deep understanding of real-world systems and application domains such as energy, healthcare, agriculture and industrial control.The positions will be anchored in the department’s ECE section, and the candidates are expected to work closely with other researchers/groups within the section and department as well as with external stakeholders. The ability to work in a multidisciplinary team is essential. Successful candidates must have a PhD in electrical/computer engineering, or a closely related field. The candidates must have excellent written and verbal communication skills. Relevant industrial R&D experience is considered positive. Further expectations for the various levels of appointment are:Assistant Professor: Candidates must demonstrate potential for outstanding research and teaching. Postdoctoral training or similar is required. Associate Professor: Candidates must have an outstanding record of research accomplishment, an established record of external funding (is preferred), and concomitant strong evidence of emerging leadership in their field. In both cases candidates are expected to be able to drive the build-up of internationally competitive research activities, and/or contribute to strengthening the current research activities. Commitment to excellence in teaching at both undergraduate and graduate levels, including existing courses and development of new courses, is required and expected.Place of employment and place of workThe place of employment is Aarhus University, and the place of work is Science and Technology, Finlandsgade 22, 8200 Aarhus N, Denmark.ApplicationYour application must be in English and include a CV including research activities, R&D experience, a complete publication list as well as your teaching, fundraising and leadership experience. Also, a teaching plan/statement and a research plan (length of 2-3 pages each, including your planned future teaching and research directions) are required. Please provide your ResearcherID, Google Scholar profile link, and/or a unique search query in Google Scholar and/or Web of Science to retrieve your publication and citation track record. Also, please provide names of references (minimum 3) whom the search committee may contact directly. Finally, you must indicate level (assistant professor or associate professor) and discipline that you are applying for in your application. All applications must be made online.If you have a profile within the first (group 1) list of disciplines (I: Embedded Systems, II: Distributed Systems, III: Cyper-Physical systems, IV: Augmented and Virtual reality, V: Communication networks, VI: Machine learning) please apply online HERE If you have a profile within the last (group 2) list of disciplines (VII: Digital computing systems, VIII: Analog electronics, IX: Bioelectronics, X: Power electronics, XI: Photonics) please apply online HEREIf you have a profile within both groups, please send two applications - one for each link.Further informationFor more information, please contact Head of the ECE Section Jens Kargaard Madsen, jkm@eng.au.dk or Head of Department of Engineering Thomas Skjødeberg Toftegaard, tst@eng.au.dk.Application procedureShortlisting is used. This means that after the deadline for applications – and with the assistance from the assessment committee chairman, and the assessment committee if necessary, – the head of department selects the candidates to be evaluated. The selection is made on the basis of an assessment of who of the candidates are most relevant considering the requirements of the advertisement. All applicants will be notified within 6 weeks whether or not their applications have been sent to an expert assessment committee for evaluation. The selected applicants will be informed about the composition of the committee and will receive his/her assessment. Once the recruitment process is completed a final letter of rejection is sent to the deselected applicants, including the main considerations emphasized during the selection process. 
Formalities and salary range Science and Technology refers to the Ministerial Order on the Appointment of Academic Staff at Danish Universities under the Danish Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation. The application must be in English and include a curriculum vitae, degree certificate, a complete list of publications, a statement of future research plans and information about research activities, teaching portfolio and verified information on previous teaching experience (if any). Guidelines for applicants can be found here. Appointment shall be in accordance with the collective labour agreement between the Danish Ministry of Finance and the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations. Further information on qualification requirements and job content may be found in the Memorandum on Job Structure for Academic Staff at Danish Universities. (in Danish). Salary depends on seniority as agreed between the Danish Ministry of Finance and the Confederation of Professional Associations.All interested candidates are encouraged to apply, regardless of their personal background. Research activities will be evaluated in relation to actual research time. Thus, we encourage applicants to specify periods of leave without research activities, in order to be able to subtract these periods from the span of the scientific career during the evaluation of scientific productivity.Aarhus University offers Relocation service to International researchers. You can read more about it here.DeadlineAll applications must be made online and received by 16 May 2018. 

Aarhus University is an academically diverse and research-intensive university with a strong commitment to high-quality research and education and the development of society nationally and globally. The university offers an inspiring research and teaching environment to its 40,000 students and 8,000 employees, and has an annual budget of EUR 860 million Learn more at www.au.dk/en.  
Categories



Computer Engineering 

Electronics Engineer 





