Member Engineering Staff - Operations Analysis at Lockheed Martin in Mount Laurel, NJ | IEEE



                            11 days old                        2018-04-272018-05-27




Member Engineering Staff - Operations Analysis

                                                            Lockheed Martin                                                    


Mount Laurel, NJ 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
432017BR





At Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems, we are driven by innovation and integrity. We believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and visionary thinking, everything is within our reach – and yours as a Lockheed Martin employee. Lockheed Martin values your skills, training and education. Come and experience your future!The successful candidate will perform Operations Analysis to inform strategic decisions, investment plans, and customer interactions. In doing so, this analyst will apply a structured analysis process to provide informed, supportable results that answer the critical question posed by the study. Incumbent will work under general supervision to meet study objectives. Individual will demonstrate frequent use and application of domain expertise, models, simulations and other tools required to conduct such analyses. Incumbent will develop subject area domain expertise in appropriate subject areas based on the individual’s knowledge, interest and experience base. In doing so, incumbent will provide solutions to a variety of technical problems of moderate scope and complexity, be up to date on the latest developments in the subject areas; take initiative to gather and disseminate information and data in the subject areas and participate in analysis activities involving the subject areas. Incumbent will build relationships with internal company contacts with infrequent inter-organizational interaction to meet demand for OA with RMS and Corporate support functionsBasic Qualifications- Bachelor's Degree from an accredited college in Mathematics, Operations Research, Statistics, Industrial Engineering, Systems Engineering, Management Science, or technical degree with equivalent work experience. - Knowledge of military operations, tactics, and organization. - Expertise in computer-based analytical tools and office applications- Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Security clearanceDesired skills- Military operational experience- Advanced Degree in Operations Research or equivalent work experience - Modeling and Simulation experience (preference for experience with Navy, Army standard analysis and modeling tools). - Knowledge of major combat simulations and models, analytical methods, sensors and weapon systems - Knowledge/experience analyzing cross-domain operational effects- Knowledge/experience performing target specific threat assessment to maximize mission capabilities and effectiveness- Knowledge/experience maintaining and developing SME-level knowledge on threat system capabilities as it pertains to mission effectiveness - Experience successfully participating in an operations analysis organization with defined processes and partnerships and sustained success delivering OA resultsAs a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territoriesJoin us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrowLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability statusJob Location(s): Mount Laurel New Jersey  






