Data Analyst - Enterprise Strategic Analytics at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-04-042018-06-04




Data Analyst - Enterprise Strategic Analytics

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





 
Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.
 
MITRE's Enterprise Strategic Analytics (ESA) department was chartered as the corporate go-to organization to answer our most difficult management questions. We provide advanced and predictive analytic solutions and situational awareness for executive leadership. Our staff collaborate across the company to elicit needs, shape solutions, and deliver sustainable products that support strategic decisions. We are a team of hands-on practitioners with technical, domain, and consulting skills. By fusing data from multiple domains, we create the linkages and insights necessary to answer complex business questions. By applying leading analytic practices and statistically sound methods we ensure our work is robust and quality. By iterating with our stakeholders and developing usable visualizations we deliver relevant and timely business insights. By bringing our best in partnership, we position MITRE and its corporate operations for success in delivering work in the public interest.
Key Functions

Explore, transform, and process data to be suitable for analysis

Select and apply analytic tools and techniques appropriate to solve the business problem given available data and resources

Understand business operations and articulate them effectively through representative mathematical and analytic models including usable data visualizations

Apply statistical and analytic rigor to problem definition, data gathering and preparation, data analysis and modeling, and results validation and visualization

Demonstrate a strong sense of ownership and act in a flexible and consultative mannerJob Responsibilities

Synthesize business objectives, processes, and tools to formulate hypotheses and design/test models to drive appropriate data-driven solutions

Represent ESA analytic expertise in major strategic initiatives across the company including advanced and predictive analytics of corporate data to inform executive decisions regarding people, projects, sponsors, and infrastructure

Proactively identify, design and implement data-driven strategies to improve performance and optimize use of resources

Partner with groups across the organization to facilitate analytic requirements gathering, analytic protocol development, and ESA process/system/data improvements

Evaluate and advise on empirically-derived financial and other implications of alternatives and  solutions to inform decision makers
Required Qualifications

Proven quantitative data analysis, problem solving, framework development, and analytical modeling skills with the ability to develop/analyze business cases

Self-starter and problem solver, able to scope an undefined problem and drive it to completion

Exposure to corporate finance and operations concepts

Experience working across multiple functions (e.g., operations, IT) and business units

Substantial data preparation, analysis, and modeling skills including exposure to statistical (e.g., correlation, hypothesis testing, sensitivity analysis), Bayesian, Natural Language Processing, and machine learning methods as well as common tools (e.g., SQL, R, Python, Tableau, @Risk, RapidMiner)

Experience using team collaboration and source code/change management tools and working with agile approaches and tools

Continuous improvement mentality with the capacity to drive change

Effective written and oral communication skillsBachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, statistics, or math
 
Categories



Management 

Consulting 








