Data Engineer Grad Intern at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            25 days old                        2018-04-132018-06-04




Data Engineer Grad Intern

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Do you want to help analyze data and do the analysis needed to contribute to solving our nations most critical problems?   Do you want to be mentored by engineers and scientists that are experts in their fields?  Do you want to join over 300 other interns for a summer full of learning, networking and fun?
 
MITREs people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges.  We are different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. 
 
Our workplace reflects our values. We want you to come as an intern and then join us upon completing your degree so that you can experience the gratifying work, our competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. 

Key Function: What do MITRE Data Analytics / Operations Research / Statistics / Math Interns do?
MITREs Data Analytics /Operations Research / Statistics / Math Interns help strengthen our sponsors effectiveness by using data analytics, statistical analysis, and modeling and simulations methods to drive analytically-defensible decisions. They apply advanced analytical and mathematical techniques to solve complex decision problemsthose with multiple alternatives that require quantitative analysis to confidently select the best one. Analysts use high performance computing, cloud Computing, big data analytics, and data visualization tools and techniques to improve system designs, to assist in making difficult policy and acquisition decisions, to maximize operational effectiveness and efficiency, and to achieve the highest quality engineering solutions.










Required Qualifications:
Completed BS undergraduate degree in computer science or equivalent technical degree and currently pursuing graduate degree in computer science or equivalent technical degree.
Candidate will have also have strong capabilities in the following areas: 
 Software design, development (Java, C++) and scripting (Perl, Python)  Data engineering (managing massive data volume and velocity, information cleansing & refinement, information models & architectures)  Deep working knowledge of specific tools and technologies (e.g., DBMS, ETL)  Design techniques and tradeoff analysis for scalability, availability, extensibility, redundancy, load balancing  Cloud Computing and virtualization  Service Oriented Architecture  Web Services  Information Assurance  Attribute Based Access Control  Information Management  Information Exchange/interface specification  Agile Development and Agile Acquisition Must have good analytical, written, presentation, and interpersonal communication skills and leadership experience. Must possess a strong aptitude to work in a research-focused program.

 
Categories



Engineering 

Quality Control 








