Software Systems Engineer at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-06-04




Software Systems Engineer

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.
 
The Software Solutions and Technologies department sits within the Software Engineering Technical Center at MITRE. Our focus is hands-on software engineering, from prototyping to production. We are experts in developing mobile and web applications, collaboration platforms, data analytics, cloud engineering, autonomous systems, and machine learning to support a broad spectrum of program organizations across MITRE.
 
Job Functions:

- Apply technical knowledge to design and create software applications, conduct technology assessments and integrate software packages.
- Prepare and present technical briefings to colleagues and customers. 
- Keep pace with current and emerging technologies and their application to complex system problems.











Minimum Qualifications:
 
- Candidate should possess the ability to be responsible for deliverables or parts of deliverables to MITRE customers.

- Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical field.

- 0-3 years of real-world application development experience.

- Demonstrated proficiency with programming languages like C#, C++, Java, JavaScript, Objective-C, Python, and Ruby.  
 
Categories



Information Technology 

Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Software Engineering 








