Software Systems Engineer,Senior at MITRE in Colorado Springs, CO | IEEE



                            18 days old                        2018-04-202018-06-04




Software Systems Engineer,Senior

                                                            MITRE                                                    


Colorado Springs, CO 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.
 
As a member of our software development team, you will help solve problems critical to our national security in the areas of Command & Control (C2), Space Warfare, and Force Protection. 
 
Key Functions:
As key member of a sizable, distributed software development team, the successful candidate will have a rich understanding of modern software development concepts and technologies to include Object-Oriented (OO), Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), and Agile, with related programming experience in Java (and one or more other high-level languages such as C#.NET, C++, .NET, Python, etc.).  Additionally, the candidate will have:

hands-on experience with Data Center virtualization and automation and development of applications (e.g., ActiveMQ), and 

software configuration management and maintenance experience, including familiarity with disciplines of maintaining a large codebase over time -- logging, defect management process, root cause analysis. The successful candidate will be responsible for complex system administration functions to include:
 User account management (Active Directory)

Resource provisioning

Managing user requests

Identifying and monitoring metrics to show health and status of resources and services

Lockdown/Harden Windows Server 2012, Windows 10, RHEL (6,7), ESXi

Lockdown/Harden Applications in accordance to DISA STIGS

Create and maintain (CM) virtual machines

Automate deployment and configuration of virtual machines using CM tools such as Ansible or Puppet. 










Minimum Qualifications:
 
Candidate must be able to demonstrate an ability to apply advanced principles, theories and concepts comparable to those obtained with a Master's degree in a relevant field of study. 
Candidate should understand the missions, domains and challenges of MITRE customers. In addition, the candidate understands that he/she will be fully responsible for deliverables-including definition, completion, and technical quality, as well as assuring consistency across the responsibility span. 
 
Require qualifications:
Minimum qualifications include:

Certification in Microsoft (MCSE) or Red Hat (RHCSA) or ten plus years of experience

Experience with CM tools such as Ansible or Puppet

Experience with Cisco products including Nexus switches and UCS servers

Experience with storage administration, particularly EMC VNX and Nimble NASOne or more of the following skill sets or certifications is preferred, however not required:

 Experience with VMware products including:

Vrealize

Vsphere

PowerCLI
Experience with Oracle DB

Experience with Atlassian Tool Suite

Experience or formally trained in Agile development processes

CCNE certification

CISSP certificationEducation/Experience:  Minimum BS in Computer Science or equivalent/related and 3 years related experience.
Security Clearance Requirements:
Minimum clearance requirement:  Ability to obtain Top Secret/SCI clearance 
Preferred clearance requirement: Current Top Secret/SCI clearance
 
 
 
Categories



Engineering 

Robotics 








