Chief Security Officer at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in Berkeley, California 94720 | IEEE


                            6 days old                        2018-05-012018-05-31




Chief Security Officer

                                                            Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory                                                    


Berkeley, California 94720 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time




Chief Security Officer - 84852
Organization: SN-Scientific Networking
 
Berkeley Lab is seeking a Chief Security Officer for DOE’s Energy Sciences Network (ESnet, http://es.net/).
 
Are you an exceptional leader with a passion for all aspects of cyber security required to support the next generation high-speed science network for cutting edge scientific advancements? If so, consider joining ESnet – currently the fastest science network in the world!
 
ESnet’s mission is to accelerate science by delivering unparalleled networking capabilities, tools, and innovations. As an organization, we are small enough to be agile, but large enough to offer rewarding challenges on a global scale. ESnet provides innovative networking and collaborative services to national research laboratories and other Department of Energy sites, connecting them to research and education networks worldwide, as well as the greater Internet.
 
The Chief Security Officer will serve as a key member of ESnet’s leadership team and is responsible for overseeing all aspects of cyber security at ESnet, including defining and implementing ESnet’s global security strategy and security architecture, full life-cycle security innovation, service development, and ongoing security operations.
 
Specifically, this position will lead an exceptional group of cyber security engineers and maintain technical and business interfaces with the leaders of ESnet internal groups, including Network Engineering, Software Engineering, Science Engagement, CTO organization and Infrastructure and Systems.
 
The Chief Security Officer will:
• Serve as a key member of the leadership team responsible for overseeing all aspects of cyber security at ESnet, including defining and implementing the global security strategy and security architecture, full life-cycle security innovation, service development, and ongoing security operations. Ensure the delivery of robust, secure, and innovative security tools and services to be used both internally and by ESnet customer sites. 
• Provide recommendations, mitigations, action plans for remediation on the most critical security risks affecting an international scientific network connecting national labs and one-of-a-kind scientific instruments.
• Lead ESnet data privacy activities, which include implementation and adherence to DOE and LBL policies in privacy, security, and confidentiality.
• Assess and improve the Cyber Security Plan to enhance the security posture of the Scientific Network Division and the Facility. This plan identifies current and emerging risks, proposes controls, and implements a better cyber framework going forward. Project manage the various tasks involved in rolling out the plan.
• Provide leadership and line management supervision for a small group of cyber security engineers. This includes developing priorities for the group, in coordination with Group Leads and ESnet’s strategic objectives and tactical plans, as well as scoping, prioritizing, and project-managing technical projects. 
• Participate in ESnet outreach activities through presentations, and direct contacts with staff in peer and customer organizations.
• Maintain a work environment that embraces diversity, fosters creativity and innovation, and ensures that DOE and Laboratory rules and policies are observed.
 
How To Apply
Apply directly online at http://50.73.55.13/counter.php?id=130046 and follow the on-line instructions to complete the application process.
 
Berkeley Lab (LBNL.http://www.lbl.gov/) addresses the world’s most urgent scientific challenges by advancing sustainable energy, protecting human health, creating new materials, and revealing the origin and fate of the universe. Founded in 1931, Berkeley Lab’s scientific expertise has been recognized with 13 Nobel prizes. The University of California manages Berkeley Lab for the U.S. Department of Energy’s Office of Science.
 
Equal Employment Opportunity: Berkeley Lab is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status. Berkeley Lab is in compliance with the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision under 41 CFR 60-1.4 (http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/EO13665_PrescribedNondiscriminationPostingLanguage_JRFQA508c.pdf). Click here (http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf) to view the poster: "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law". 
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Programming/Systems 





