Openings for faculty positions in Centre of Astronomy, Electrical and Mechanical Engineering at IIT Indore in Indore, Madhya Pradesh 453552 | IEEE


                            5 days old                        2018-05-032018-06-02




Openings for faculty positions in Centre of Astronomy, Electrical and Mechanical Engineering

                                                            IIT Indore                                                    


Indore, Madhya Pradesh 453552 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time




IIT Indore has made a strategic commitment to supporting the interdisciplinary area of Astronomy. Center of Astronomy at IIT Indore (set up in early 2015 as one of the interdisciplinary centers) is one of the founding members of the SKA (Square Kilometer Array)-India Consortium (SKAIC). Current faculty members in Astronomy are involved deeply in research on Ionosphere, the Epoch of Reionization (EoR), Magneto-hydrodynamics (MHD), particle acceleration in jets from Active Galactic Nuclei, Rotationally powered pulsars and Magnetars, Radio instrumentation, galaxy clusters & cluster mergers particularly studying shocks both through hybrid simulations and high fidelity imaging of shock fronts through X-ray and high-frequency radio data, and in key science goals of the SKA.
 
The Centre of Astronomy has an Ionosphere Observation Facility set up in 2016 (through a generous startup grant from the institute, which also made possible a radio test & characterization facility up to 8 GHz, a 4.5 meter dish, and a modest computational facility). This Ionosphere Observation Facility is now being expanded through a grant from the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO). The Centre has also secured funding from the Department of Science & Technology (DST) for constructing a small radio interferometer at two frequencies. 
 
The Center of Astronomy is also engaged with satellite-based aided inertial navigation of flight vehicles; space flight vehicles guidance and control; satellite orbits and attitude dynamics, control and estimation; remote sensing and communication satellites and payloads control. 
 
The discipline of Electrical Engineering (EE) at IIT Indore has been a major centre for both academic and research programs in various branches of electrical engineering, which includes micro/nanoelectronics, communication & bio-medical signal processing, power electronics and power systems.The academic programs offered by the discipline include B.Tech, M.Tech and Ph.D. Two M.Tech programs are currently running with a specialization in Communication and Signal Processing and in VLSI Design and Nanoelectronics. The discipline is planning to start M.Tech in other specializations as well. The discipline also hosts many Post-Doctoral candidates with institute/external supports from time to time. For more details, please visit http://ee.iiti.ac.in/
 
Centre of Astronomy, IIT Indore seeks applications from the most outstanding candidates for addressing the strategic needs of the institute in areas outlined below:
Experimental Astronomy, Radio/millimeter/micro wave Astronomy, X-ray astronomy, Space Sciences and Instrumentation, Space Payload/Mission Design, Computational Astrophysics, Simulation and Modelling, Astronomical Observations/Data Analysis, Astro-Statistics, Planetary Sciences, Gravitational Wave Astronomy, Space Weather, Applications to Sustainable Geo Spatial Research, satellites orbits and attitude dynamics, control, and estimation, and any other areas related to Astronomy/Astrophysics. 
 
For Astronomy, candidates must have a doctoral degree in astronomy, physics, astronautics, or a related field prior to the appointment. They are expected to contribute to undergraduate and graduate teaching programs and be engaged in forefront research. The appointment is intended to start as early as July 2018.
 
Discipline of Electrical Engineering, IIT Indore seeks applications from the most outstanding candidates in the following areas: Power Electronics and Power Systems, Communication and Signal Processing, Microwave and Antenna Theory, Control Systems. 
For Electrical Engineering, candidates must have a doctoral degree in above-mentioned areas in Electrical Engineering.
 
Discipline of Mechnical Engineering, IIT Indore seeks applications from the most outstanding candidates in the following areas:
Thermal Engineering: Heat transfer, Energy
Manufacturing Engineering: Conventional and non-conventional machining, forming, Industrial and Systems Engineering: Reliability Engineering, Prognostics and Health Management (PHM), Smart Manufacturing.
 
Interested researchers, who wish to be considered for posts ranging from Assistant Professor (Grade 1, and 2) to Associate Professor and Professor should send their Curriculum Vitae, a 1-2 page expression of interest, and the application form to fac.recruit@iiti.ac.in. Applications will be considered on a rolling basis, and will continue until all positions are filled. 
Categories



Aerospace and Electronic Systems 

Antennas and Propagation 

Communications 

Faculty 

Research 





