Information Systems Engineer Lead / Principal at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            27 days old                        2018-04-112018-06-04




Information Systems Engineer Lead / Principal

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. 
 
The MITRE Systems Engineering Technical Center (SETC) is seeking Systems Engineer to apply expertise across a broad range of systems engineering activities. 
The successful candidate will bring systems engineering expertise and technical leadership to bear for federal government agencies, especially the Dept of Defense, complex information systems and enterprise solutions. *Key Functions Integrating and applying systems engineering (science based), data analytics and/or modeling & simulations to support engineering and management decisions throughout a systems life cycle. Work with government sponsors and provide systems engineering skills and experience, technical assistance, and consulting support for systems engineering of enterprise-level information systems. Develop proofs-of-concept, prototypes and pilot system implementation. Work as a strong individual technical contributor and provide systems engineering subject matter expertise across the system development lifecycle. Provide in-depth contributions focused on software, network monitoring and modeling related tools, practices, analyses, and implementations. Collaborate and participate in the Department and Division knowledge sharing, creation, and integration activities. Support internal activities to promote the discipline of system engineering and/or research work. 










*Required Qualifications Systems Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or related technical or IT degree. 8 + years hands on technical experience with enterprise architecture, systems engineering management, and information technology transformation strategies.
 
Documented success in large IT transformation projects including: requirements definition and management, system design, interface definition, user interface design, performance engineering, and security engineering functions. Specific experience in modeling and analytic tools is also desired, e.g., Rhapsody, SysML, MagicDraw, Riverbed NetPlanner, Enterprise Architect, CORE, Cameo, Visio, etc. Experience with the Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, Powerpoint) is also required. Preferred Qualifications DoD Clearance or DHS Suitability. MS preferred 
 
Minimum Qualifications:Bachelors Degree in one of the following disciplines, Electrical,  Computer or Systems Engineering or similar field and 8 years related experience.  The candidate should possess the ability to define projects or programs greater than themselves.     
 
Categories



Information Technology 

Management 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Consulting 








