Mbr Engrg Staff/ Systems Engineer at Lockheed Martin in Mount Laurel, NJ | IEEE



                            28 days old                        2018-04-102018-05-10




Mbr Engrg Staff/ Systems Engineer

                                                            Lockheed Martin                                                    


Mount Laurel, NJ 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
429639BR





At Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems, we are driven by innovation and integrity. We believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and visionary thinking, everything is within our reach – and yours as a Lockheed Martin employee. Lockheed Martin values your skills, training and education. Come and experience your future!The system engineer in this position will work across several Aegis programs with responsibilities in Ballistic Missile Defense (BMD) and Integrated Air Missile Defense (IAMD) tasking for the Mission Planner. Tasking will include responsibility for algorithmic design, data analysis, requirements development, modeling and simulation, and software integration and test. This will entail developing solutions to complex mathematical and physics based problems in the area of mission planning for IAMD scenarios. The successful candidate will be responsible for ensuring the logical and systematic conversion of customer or product requirements into a total system solution that acknowledge technical, schedule and cost constraintsBasic Qualifications- BS in Applied Mathematics, Physics, Engineering or Computer Science. - Must be familiar with system engineering processes as it applies to the development of a large scale computer program with particular emphasis on algorithm design and analysis via modeling and simulation- Advanced analytical and problem solving skills and demonstrated ability to comprehend and work successfully with complex systems; familiarity with design of computer programs, control systems, and integration and test of system and subsystem components. - Proven experience performing root cause analysis of system, element, and component level anomalies. - Must be able to obtain and maintain a secret security clearanceDesired skillsMS or PhD in Applied Mathematics, Physics, Engineering or Computer Science is preferredAs a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territoriesJoin us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrowLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability statusJob Location(s): Mount Laurel New Jersey  






