Information Systems Engineer at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-06-03




Information Systems Engineer

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





The MITRE Center for Veterans Enterprise Transformation (CVET) is seeking an Information Systems Engineer to apply expertise across a broad range of systems engineering activities. 
The successful candidate will bring systems engineering expertise and technical leadership to bear for federal agencies, especially the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Key Functions
 Integrating and applying systems engineering (science based), data analytics and/or modeling & simulations to support engineering and management decisions throughout a systems life cycle.
 Work with government sponsors and provide systems engineering skills and experience, technical assistance, and consulting support for systems engineering of enterprise-level information systems.
 Work as a strong individual technical contributor and provide systems engineering subject matter expertise across the system development lifecycle. 
 Provide in-depth contributions focused on software, network monitoring and modeling related tools, practices, analyses, and implementations.
 Collaborate and participate in the Department and Division knowledge sharing, creation, and integration activities. Support internal activities to promote the discipline of system engineering and/or research work.
 










Required Qualifications
 Systems Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology, or related IT bachelors degree.
 Relevant academic or industry experience of at least 5 years using quantitative and qualitative methods and technical engineering approaches for complex information systems and enterprise solutions.
 Analytical, written, presentation, and interpersonal communication skills.

Preferred Qualifications
 Data design and engineering (managing massive data volume, velocity, variety, information cleansing & refinement, information models & architectures, with techniques and tradeoff analysis for scalability, availability, extensibility, redundancy, load balancing
 Cloud computing and virtualization
 Information management
 Deep working knowledge of specific tools and technologies (e.g., DBMS, ETL)
 Service Oriented Architecture
 Web services
 Cybersecurity
 Agile development and agile acquisition
 Information exchange/interface specification
 
Categories



Information Technology 

Management 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Computer Engineering 

Consulting 








