Software Engineer - Embedded C++ at Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. in Pullman, WA | IEEE



                            10 hours                        2018-05-082018-06-06




Software Engineer - Embedded C++

Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. 


Pullman, WA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
137264803




Jobid: 137264803
		Job Title: Software Engineer - Embedded C++
		Location: Washington - Pullman
Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories (SEL) seeks a professional, innovative and detailed individual for our Software Engineer - Embedded C++ position. If you are looking for an opportunity to implement and execute testing procedures and develop test tools, then this position is for you!This position is located in either Pullman, WA or Boise, ID. SEL’s corporate office is located in Eastern Washington where you'll enjoy an unmatched quality of life. Enjoy the smaller town life: country space, freedom from traffic, easy access to recreational activities in nearby mountains, rivers, and forests, as well as great schools and universities.ResponsibilitiesParticipate in firmware/software design and test specification.Implement firmware/software and automated tests.Design and implement automated test infrastructure.Prepare and maintain designs and test documentation.Review data sheets and instruction manuals.Participate in industry technical meetings and conferences as needed to meet operational and strategic plans.Continuously identify, measure, follow, and improve R&D processes.Other duties as assigned.QualificationsB.S. in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalentExperience in either of the following areas:Embedded systems firmware development including:real-time firmware designProficient in C++C and assembly languagesEmbedded systems firmware test including:Communication protocols (TCP/IP, DNP, serial communications)Automated functional testingStrong writing, documentation, and speaking skillsAbility to learn new skills and assume new responsibilitiesAbility to work cooperatively in a team environmentBackground check results satisfactory to SELNegative drug test result(s)Preferred Qualifications5+ professional experience in software engineering2+ years of software development1+ years of automated functional testingIndustrial controlsElectric utility telecommunicationsDigital communications and signal processingData communication experienceProject managementISTQB certificationTo Apply for This PositionWe ask all candidates to apply through our website at www.selinc.com/careers. If your qualifications and experience match any of our current openings, please submit your resume for that position so that you may be considered immediately.SEL sends an initial e-mail response to all applicants at time of resume submittal. If you do not receive this communication, please check your SPAM filter and make sure your system is not blocking e-mails from SEL. It is important that you ensure your receipt of this e-mail as SEL may communicate future position updates via e-mail.SEL is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants considered regardless of ethnicity, nationality, gender, veteran or disability status, religion, age, sexual orientation or gender identity, or other protected status.An Award Winning CompanySchweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. (SEL) has earned a reputation for quality, reliability, integrity, and service. This has enabled us to expand within both the electric utility and industrial markets in many different industries, markets, and geographies around the world. 
SEL invents, designs, and builds digital products and systems that protect power grids around the world. This technology prevents blackouts and enables customers to improve power system reliability and safety at a reduced cost. A 100 percent employee-owned company headquartered in Pullman, Washington, SEL has manufactured products in the United States since 1984 and now serves customers worldwide. Our mission is simple: to make electric power safer, more reliable, and more economical. 



Categories



Engineering 

Information Technology 

Software Engineering 

Computer Engineering 

Signal Processing 

Quality Control 

Communications 

Instrumentation and Measurement 

Management 








