Lead Health Systems Engineer at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-06-04




Lead Health Systems Engineer

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us. 
 
MITRE's Center for Transforming Health is dedicated to improving healthcare through strategic and technology-based transformation. We advise federal agencies through all phases of the evolution of their healthcare transformation, from high-level strategic planning to program acquisition and oversight. MITRE is currently supporting multiple projects at the U.S. department of Health and Human Services including the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. We have a need for systems engineers with strong analytical backgrounds and experience with healthcare processes and information technology systems. The job requires a candidate who is able to leverage this experience to assess the "big picture" and develop actionable strategic solutions.
 
Key Functions: 
The position will require applying sound systems engineering practices to analyze complex technical, clinical, and financial systems to identify solutions to problems facing federal agencies. Integral to success will be working with MITRE team members and project leaders to deliver strategic advice and counsel to HHS, DOD, VA, and other healthcare entities for the advancement of heath outcomes via health information technology and improved processes.
Candidates will participate in highly functional and creative teams while building knowledge and working relationships across the Corporation. 










Experience in one or more areas: 
Analysis, design and construction of the next generation of health IT standards, systems and processes
Enterprise architecture, network analysis and design, COTS implementation/integration, and data migration
Systems Engineering methodologies, product and project lifecycles, and requirements analysis and management
 
Minimum Qualifications: 

Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology, computer Science, Systems Engineering or related field and 3 years of healthcare domain experience 
Preferred Qualifications: 

Master's degree or PhD in Information Technology, Computer Science, Systems Engineering or related field with 5 years of healthcare domain experience 
 
 
 
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Programming/Systems 








