Specialty Engineer - Tech Refresh at Lockheed Martin in Orlando, FL | IEEE



                            27 days old                        2018-04-112018-05-11




Specialty Engineer - Tech Refresh

                                                            Lockheed Martin                                                    


Orlando, FL 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
430050BR





At Lockheed Martin Mission Systems and Training, we are driven by innovation and integrity. We believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and visionary thinking, everything is within our reach – and yours as a Lockheed Martin employee. Lockheed Martin values your skills, training and education. Come and experience your future! Lockheed Martin is looking for a Specialty Engineering professional to support the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter Training System contract. The successful candidate will have a wide range of multi-discipline experience that will enable them to assess, track and manage parts obsolescence, diminishing manufacturing sources (DMS) and tech refresh for pilot and maintenance training systems. In addition, the hired candidate will have experience performing reliability, maintainability and availability (RMA) analysis from a given bill of materials (BOM). The candidate will be expected to perform EOS/EOL (End of Support/End of Life) analysis for COTS hardware, software, technical planning and system integration. The successful candidate will be expected to conduct obsolescence/vanishing vendor research for system hardware by coordinating with OEM vendor contacts and data available to the public via the internet to obtain vendor announced EOS/EOL information. The selected candidate will be responsible for establishing and maintaining a 5 and 10-year Tech Refresh Plan, support proposal planning and manage Obsolescence issues in the Supply ChainThe selected candidate will perform technical planning, system integration, verification and validation, cost and risk analysis, and evaluate supportability for the entire training system. Analyses are performed at all levels of the product lifecycle to include: concept, design, fabrication, test, installation, operation, maintenance and disposal. The motivated candidate will ensure the logical and systematic conversion of customer or product requirements into total systems solutions that account for technical, schedule, and cost constraints. Analysis will focus of hardware components of the maintenance and pilot training devicesThe right candidate must be well organized, able to focus on details, able to meet all deadlines and is a self-starter who works well with little oversightBasic Qualifications- Accredited B.S. in Systems Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology, or equivalent degree. - Proficient in the use Microsoft Office applications, especially Word, Excel and PowerPoint- Experience performing Obsolescence, DMS and tech refresh analysis and planning- Ability to obtain a Secret Security clearanceDesired skills- Experience performing Reliability, Maintainability and Availability (RMA) analysis- Has prior knowledge of F-35 Pilot Training Devices hardware - Experience with full mission simulators- Experience performing spares analysis- Experience interacting with the F-35 Joint Program Office (JPO) Customer- Relevant US military operational experience with understanding of US and Foreign Military applications of Integrated Logistics SupportAs a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territoriesJoin us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrowLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability statusJob Location(s): Orlando Florida  






