Photonics Laboratory Facility Manager  at CUNY Graduate Center in New York, New York 10031 | IEEE


                            20 days old                        2018-04-182018-05-18




Photonics Laboratory Facility Manager 

                                                            CUNY Graduate Center                                                    


New York, New York 10031 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
18622

Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time




Photonics Laboratory Facility Manager (Research Assistant Professor or Research Associate Professor) – Advanced Science Research CenterJob ID: 18622Compensation: Salary commensurate with experience and qualificationsClosing Date: Open until filled with review of applications to begin on April 23, 2018
Research faculty engage in, are responsible for, manage, and/or execute significant areas of research or scholarship. They may serve as principal or co-principal investigators on grants or contracts, manage postdoctoral fellows and their research projects or supervise graduate or undergraduate student research. Research Faculty hold full-time, non-tenure track positions. While they may participate in instructional programs, such as lectures or demonstrations, they are not assigned regular teaching duties.
CAMPUS SPECIFIC INFORMATIONThe Graduate Center, CUNY is the focal point for advanced teaching and research at The City University of New York (CUNY), the nation's largest urban public university. With over 35 doctoral and master’s programs of the highest caliber, the Graduate Center fosters pioneering research and scholarship in the arts and sciences and prepares students for careers in universities and the private, nonprofit, and government sectors. The Graduate Center’s commitment to research and scholarship for the public good is exemplified by its more than 30 centers, institutes, and initiatives, including its Advanced Science Research Center (ASRC), a 200,000 square-foot facility in upper Manhattan, designed to promote collaboration among scientists in five areas of global research and innovation: nanoscience, photonics, structural biology, neuroscience, and environmental sciences.
The Graduate Center (GC) benefits from highly ambitious and diverse students and alumni—who in turn teach hundreds of thousands of undergraduates every year. Through its public programs, the Graduate Center enhances New York City’s intellectual and cultural life.
The ASRC seeks a Photonics Laboratory Facility Manager. The ASRC will house a research-dedicated, state-of-the-art multi-functional photonic lab fully equipped with excellent infrastructure for nanophotonic, optical, and electromagnetic characterization, and other cutting-edge facilities, spanning from visible to radio-frequency and acoustic wavelengths. Reporting to the Director of the Photonics Initiative, the Research Assistant Professor or Research Associate Professor - Photonics Laboratory Facility Manager works closely and collaboratively with internal and external scientists to effectively use the photonic equipment and conduct related research. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to be involved in collaborative research in the scientific areas supported at the ASRC, and will be encouraged to develop and drive an independent research program focused around photonics, nano-optics and electromagnetics.
In addition, the Research Assistant Professor or Research Associate Professor oversees the day-to-day operation and management of the Photonics facility.
Duties include but are not limited to:- Actively participates in collaborative research within the ASRC.- Actively seeks new collaborative projects within CUNY and externally.- Supervises researchers, graduate and undergraduate students.- Seeks funding to support research activities; assists with preparation of grant proposals, presentations, and publications.- Refines and adapts methodologies to fit specific experiment requirements.- Investigates and recommends alternative approaches to improve the quality of experiment results.- Contributes to dissemination of results through workshops, seminars, and publications.- Serves as the lead for the setup and operation of the Photonics Laboratory facility.- Supervises, advises, and trains internal and external users, with varying degrees of experience, in experimental design, sample preparation, imaging and data interpretation; creates training manuals for users.- Designs, develops, and oversees quality control procedures and analytical methods.- Maintains laboratory, instruments, and computers.- Plans and manages reservations and access to the facility including for regular user meetings.- Creates the budget for the facility and its equipment.- Oversees the Photonics Laboratory facility’s daily operations schedule and technical environment while exercising considerable latitude, independent judgment, and accountability.- Contributes to planning of extensions or updates of the facility to achieve optimal research capabilities.- Trains research staff in specialized procedures and theoretical concepts to ensure projects are administered according to research protocol.- Performs other duties as assigned.
Qualifications:Ph.D. in area(s) of expertise or equivalent and a record of several years of successful research experience, clear evidence of ability to perform research independently or collaborate on research projects, and significant scholarship in his/her field. Also required are the ability to advise and/or oversee the direct work of others and a commitment to service in a university setting.
A preferred candidate should have:- Ph.D. in engineering, physics, mathematics, optical sciences, or a related field.- Extensive experience with optical equipment and photonics research.- Experience in equipment installation, implementation of relevant upgrades and improvements, and liaising with suppliers.- Excellent problem solving skills and a proven ability to learn and teach in a multidisciplinary environment.- Ability to work independently or in teams.- Demonstrated ability to prioritize and work to meet tight deadlines.- Strong attention to detail.- Excellent verbal and written communication skills.- Ability to collaborate with basic and clinical scientists.
How to Apply:1. Please apply using the link below:https://home.cunyfirst.cuny.edu/psp/cnyepprd/GUEST/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM.HRS_CE.GBL?Page=HRS_CE_JOB_DTL&Action=A&JobOpeningId=18622&SiteId=1&PostingSeq=1 Click on "Apply Now" below which will bring you to the registration screen. If you are a new user, you must register to apply. If you already have a user ID, please use your existing ID to apply. Make sure to upload a cover letter, resume, and contact information for three (3) professional references (name, title, and organization). Please upload all documents in Word or PDF format.OR2. Go to http://cuny.jobs/ and search for Job ID 18622.
Equal Employment Opportunity:CUNY encourages people with disabilities, minorities, veterans and women to apply. At CUNY, Italian Americans are also included among our protected groups. Applicants and employees will not be discriminated against on the basis of any legally protected category, including sexual orientation or gender identity. EEO/AA/Vet/Disability Employer.
  
Categories



Faculty 





