Senior/Lead Information Systems Engineer at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-06-04




Senior/Lead Information Systems Engineer

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





*Job Highlights The MITRE Systems Engineering Technical Center (SETC) is seeking Systems Engineer to apply expertise across a broad range of systems engineering activities. The successful candidate will bring systems engineering expertise and technical leadership to bear for federal government agencies, especially the Dept of Defense, complex information systems and enterprise solutions. *Key Functions Integrating and applying systems engineering (science based), data analytics and/or modeling & simulations to support engineering and management decisions throughout a systems life cycle.
 Work with government sponsors and provide systems engineering skills and experience, technical assistance, and consulting support for systems engineering of enterprise-level information systems. 
Develop proofs-of-concept, prototypes and pilot system implementation. Work as a strong individual technical contributor and provide systems engineering subject matter expertise across the system development lifecycle.
 Provide in-depth contributions focused on software, network monitoring and modeling related tools, practices, analyses, and implementations. 
Collaborate and participate in the Department and Division knowledge sharing, creation, and integration activities. Support internal activities to promote the discipline of system engineering and/or research work. 










*Required Qualifications Systems Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or related technical or IT degree. Relevant academic or industry experience of at least 5 years - using quantitative and qualitative methods and technical engineering approaches. 
 
Specific experience in modeling and analytic tools is also desired, e.g., Rhapsody, SysML, MagicDraw, Riverbed NetPlanner, Enterprise Architect, CORE, Cameo, Visio, etc. 
 
Experience with the Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, Powerpoint) is also required. 
 
Candidates with lesser experience but with the desired skill and DoD Clearance or DHS Suitability will be considered. Preferred Qualifications MS preferred, BS + relevant internship, coursework or industry experience. 
 
Categories



Information Technology 

Management 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Consulting 








