Associate Software Engineer at Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. in King of Prussia, PA | IEEE



                            10 hours                        2018-05-082018-06-06




Associate Software Engineer

Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. 


King of Prussia, PA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
137895679




Jobid: 137895679
		Job Title: Associate Software Engineer
		Location: Pennsylvania - King of Prussia
Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories (SEL) seeks a professional, innovative and detailed individual for our Software Engineer position. If you are looking for an opportunity to work for a great company with an outstanding reputation for quality then this position is for you!ResponsibilitiesParticipate in software designs.Implement software designs.Prepare and maintain designs and test documentation.Review data sheets and instruction manuals.Attend industry technical meetings and conferences as needed to meet operational and strategic plans.Continuously identify, measure, follow, and improve R&D processes.Other duties as assigned.Required QualificationsB.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent disciplineKnowledge and experience with object oriented languages (e.g., C++, C#, Java, Delphi)Knowledge and experience developing on current Windows operating systemsExperience developing Windows GUI applicationsProficiency using the Microsoft Visual Studio IDE for developmentAbility to learn new skills and assume new responsibilitiesAbility to work cooperatively in a team environmentBackground check results satisfactory to SELNegative drug test result(s)Preferred QualificationsExperience using design/architectural patterns.Experience creating component-based software architecturesExperience with automated unit testing (e.g., MSTest, NUnit)Experience using UML modeling tools (e.g., Enterprise Architect, Microsoft Visio)Experience with communication protocols and computer networkingFamiliarity with the electrical power systems industryLocation InformationThis position is located in King of Prussia, PA. Located just twenty miles from Philadelphia, its close proximity allows residents to enjoy all that the big city has to offer. Enjoy easy access to trails along the river, or attend sporting events nearby. The diverse options make King of Prussia the perfect place to call home. An Award Winning CompanySchweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. (SEL) has earned a reputation for quality, reliability, integrity, and service. This has enabled us to expand within both the electric utility and industrial markets in many different industries, markets, and geographies around the world.Communication with ApplicantsSEL sends an initial e-mail response to all applicants at time of résumé or CV submittal. If you do not receive this communication, please check your SPAM filter and make sure your system is not blocking e-mails from SEL. It is important that you ensure your receipt of this e-mail as SEL may communicate future position updates via e-mail. SEL is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  
SEL invents, designs, and builds digital products and systems that protect power grids around the world. This technology prevents blackouts and enables customers to improve power system reliability and safety at a reduced cost. A 100 percent employee-owned company headquartered in Pullman, Washington, SEL has manufactured products in the United States since 1984 and now serves customers worldwide. Our mission is simple: to make electric power safer, more reliable, and more economical. 



Categories



Engineering 

Software Engineering 

Quality Control 

Instrumentation and Measurement 








