Spacecraft/Satellite Flight Operations Junior TS/SCI at Lockheed Martin in White Sands Missile Range, NM | IEEE



                            5 days old                        2018-05-032018-06-02




Spacecraft/Satellite Flight Operations Junior TS/SCI

                                                            Lockheed Martin                                                    


White Sands Missile Range, NM 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
430888BR





Conducts mission/program specific real time spacecraft/satellite flight operations during readiness, execution and evaluation phases. Develops detailed plans and procedures to provide maximum mission support in areas such as orbit dynamics, satellite performance analysis, command and control of on-orbit satellites. Provides technical direction for on orbit mission support, plans for critical vehicle malfunctions and recommends alternate operating techniques to continue maximum mission support. Provides failure analysis of the performance of the orbiting satellites via telemetry data. Utilizes system software to accomplish all spacecraft control tasks and recommends improvements. Analyzes and validates software performance. Performs flight length orbit adjust and daily special event studies. Requires successful completion of a certification programApplicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information24x7 Operational position requiring the selected candidate to work rotating shifts Ability to obtain TS/SCI required for this roleBasic QualificationsBachelors Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Math, or a combination of a non-technical degree and Ops experience This position requires special access to support the program and requires the selected candidate to have a TS/SCIDesired skillsExperience working with on-orbit spacecraft or satellite flight operationsExcellent communications skills Proficiency in at least one of the following: TOPL, MATLAB, JAVA, C++, PERL, ORACLE/SQL, HTML, XML, LINUX, JAVA Script. Astrodynamics and orbital mechanics including classical orbital (Keplerian) elementsAs a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territoriesJoin us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrowLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability statusJob Location(s): White Sands Missile Range New Mexico  






