Senior Enterprise Systems Engineer at MITRE in Shiloh, IL | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-06-04




Senior Enterprise Systems Engineer

                                                            MITRE                                                    


Shiloh, IL 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.
 
Are you interested in solving challenging technical issues of critical national importance and making a direct mission impact? At the St. Louis site, youll apply your systems engineering background and skills in addition to specific domain knowledge and sponsor operations expertise to translate user needs into requirements and assist in the development of new ways of operating and new approaches to develop proofs of concept and prototypes. Youll also perform analysis to support data-driven decisions by our customers, support evaluation of developing capabilities, and provide conflict-free technical advice among many other things. You will leverage your background in computer science, software and electrical engineering, or other technical fields to solve problems focused in the air mobility operations and transportation domains. At MITRE, youll work in a team environment that fosters autonomy, flexibility, collaboration, and a healthy work-life balance. You will also be eligible for generous retirement, education assistance, time off, student loan repayment, and fitness reimbursement programs that reflect MITREs long-term commitment to its employees. The MITRE Corporation is a not-for-profit company that operates multiple federally funded research and development centers (FFRDCs). We provide innovative, practical solutions for some of our nation's most critical challenges in defense and intelligence, aviation, civil systems, homeland security, the judiciary, healthcare, and cybersecurity. You can find out more at https://www.mitre.org/centers/we-operate-ffrdcs.
Key Functions:The successful candidate will: - apply technical and operational knowledge and provide direct systems engineering and technical expertise to key Air Mobility Command (AMC) and United States Transportation Command (USTRANSCOM) projects
- demonstrate technical leadership of service-oriented architecture and cloud migration efforts within the air mobility operations, mission/flight planning, and transportation domains
- play a critical role in helping the government to improve or expand its current capabilities. They plan, analyze, and design systems and interactions between systems. They also help to establish or streamline processes that allow the Sponsor to consistently meet its mission. - analyze air mobility operations, mission/flight planning, and transportation mission processes and supporting information technology (IT) in the context of emerging concepts of operations (CONOPS), mission requirements, lifecycle costs, interoperability considerations and other command needs to determine opportunities for improved system support to operations. - perform systems engineering analyses to identify functional and non-functional requirements, interfaces, environmental factors, transition strategies, cost and risk considerations, and other issues pursuant to new/replacement capabilities. - develop supporting artifacts such as requirements specifications, top-level system designs, interface specifications, testing strategies, technical roadmaps/strategies, risk mitigation approaches, transition strategies, acquisition approaches, etc. in support of system/program goals. - provide software, communications, networking and cybersecurity recommendations to inform requirements lifecycle from generation through deployment and testing. - work with customer, government, contractor, and other stakeholders in a fully collaborative environment and leverage other efforts as appropriate to mitigate risks. - provide strategic technical guidance to acquisition and system development efforts to develop, evolve, and enhance transportation domain systems and operations. - work with key stakeholders and senior decision makers in a highly dynamic environment to refine and improve solutions leading to rapidly fielded operational capabilities. 
 
Topsecret
 










Qualifications:The selected candidate should have: - a Bachelors degree in a science, technology, engineering, or mathematics field - be eligible for a U.S. security clearance. - demonstrated technical leadership experience - technical depth in a specific technical domain (e.g. software engineering, network operations, enterprise systems development) or mission domain (e.g. defense or commercial transportation, air mobility, air operations)- knowledge of and experience with service-oriented architectures and cloud migration in an operational system of systems environment.
Preferred Qualifications:The selected candidate may have: - Masters or PhD in computer science, software systems engineering, or a related technical field - 5 or more years of experience in software systems engineering or a related field - Experience with enterprise systems planning, architectures, development, and deployment- Knowledge of mission/flight planning, air operations, transportation systems, current sponsor hosting environments, and project management.
 
Categories



Engineering 

Information Technology 

Biotechnology / Science 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Software Engineering 

Research 

Communications 

Management 








