Facilities Engineer II at Ball Aerospace in Boulder, Colorado 80301 | IEEE


                            1+ months                        2018-03-202018-05-19




Facilities Engineer II

                                                            Ball Aerospace                                                    


Boulder, Colorado 80301 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
661531

Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time




Ball Aerospace leads the way in designing, developing and manufacturing innovative aerospace systems.  We take on some of the most complex and exciting challenges in the universe--from space and Earth science to national security and intelligence programs.
 
 
We produce spacecraft, instruments and sensors, RF and microwave technologies, data exploitation solutions, and a variety of advanced aerospace technologies and products.  In addition, we pioneered the development of the commercial remote sensing market, producing spacecraft and imaging systems that helped spawn a market-driven demand for imagery.
 
 
Our success is built on more than products or systems.  Our team of more than 3,000 engineers, scientists, technicians and support staff drives all the achievements at Ball Aerospace.  Whether contributing to a better understanding of the universe or helping keep our nation safe, our people bring their diverse backgrounds, perspectives and skills together to achieve a common mission. 
Requirements
Facilities Electrical Engineer II
What You’ll Do: 

Provide engineering and project management for Facilities projects ranging in size from $5K to $5M.
Perform all project functions from concept to closing including: gathering and developing customer project requirements, preliminary & final design, cost estimating, budget management, scheduling, maintaining project files, and coordinating project teams for multiple projects at one time.
Project team coordination including indirect management of processes with other internal team members and direct management including selecting and hiring outside contractors (i.e. construction general contractors, subcontractors, suppliers, A&Es), setting deadlines, assigning responsibilities, managing progress, and reporting project status to management.
Manage, track, and report project risk, project cost performance, and project schedule performance.
Establish and maintain effective working relationships within the department, the Strategic Business Units, Strategic Support Units and the Company.   Interact with others to maintain a positive and productive work environment.
Develop strategies for maintaining safety and reliability of building power systems.
Develop standards for electrical system installations.
Design systems such as: lighting, power distribution, UPS, fire alarm and security for facility projects
Provide other assistance to Facilities as directed.
Maintain a regular and predictable work schedule.
Perform other duties as necessary.

 What You’ll Need: 

BS degree or higher in Electrical Engineering or a related technical field is required plus 5 or more years related experience.
Proven record of large building project development and construction.
Proven history of successfully managing multiple projects, priorities, budgets, and deadlines of various sizes simultaneously.
Highly organized with proven ability to identify and manage both project details and overall objectives.
Proven ability to work in a self-directed environment while creating, maintaining or participating in an effective team atmosphere.
Working knowledge of facilities operations and procedures.
Proficient at interpreting and comprehending building blueprints & floor plan layouts.
Proven history of effectively managing teams of architects, engineers, and contractors.
Experience designing and constructing technical, industrial facilities.
Experience designing and constructing secured spaces.
Demonstrate detailed knowledge and experience of Electronic/Electrical engineering principles, theories, and concepts to planning, designing and constructing of facilities particularly the design, installation and commissioning of building power distribution, lighting design, grounding systems and fire alarm device layout for commercial and industrial facilities.
Experience performing power system analysis.
Extensive knowledge and the ability to interpret and apply NEC, IBC, life safety and other applicable NFPA codes in design and installation
Working knowledge of various MS Office software and AutoCAD software. (BIM experience is a plus)
Basic accounting and math proficiency.
Understanding of business concepts.
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions.
Excellent customer service skills.
Able to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing.
Proficiency with basic office equipment including: PC, cell phone, plotters, and other office equipment.
Proven history of regular attendance and schedule flexibility.
In addition to the typical educational and experience requirements, a demonstrated capability to adequately perform the essential functions and responsibilities of the position and exhibit the skills and competencies of the grade level should be considered.  Each higher-level degree, i.e., Master’s Degree or Ph.D., may substitute for two years of experience. Related technical experience may be considered in lieu of education. Degree must be from a university, college, or school which is accredited by an agency recognized by the US Secretary of Education, US Department of Education.

 Working Conditions: 

Work is performed in an office, laboratory, production floor, or clean room, outdoors or remote research environment.
Will work on construction sites where personal protective equipment is required.
May occasionally work in production work centers where use of protective equipment and gear is required.
May access other facilities in various weather conditions.
Travel and local commute between Ball campuses required

Categories



Aerospace and Electronic Systems 





