Visualization/Graphics Software Engineer at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-05-20




Visualization/Graphics Software Engineer

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.
 
MITRE's Visualization and Human-Systems Integration department seeks a hands-on software engineer with a graphics and user interface focus to design and develop various prototyping and systems engineering projects. This is an opportunity to work with end users and apply your rigorous software development skills to make their systems work more effectively. Our department values team-orientation, creativity, technical passion, and commitment to the end user. 
Key Functions:
Using your deep software engineering core skills, and with a primary focus on visualization, graphics, interaction, and user interface-related elements - Design and develop software prototypes and virtual environments - Design and develop information visualization approaches - Design and develop mobile prototypes - Analyze software implementation, architecture, and performance - Provide consulting guidance - Generate research and initiative proposals - Design and execute experiments to investigate efficiency, effectiveness, and affordability










Desired Requirements:
 
BS in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent 
-2 years of hands on software development, lab work, or part-time experience using Java, JavaScript, C++, and/or C# required - Experience with web-based visualization and graphics development using HTML5, CSS, D3, SVG, WebGL, angular, spring, and/or similar libraries required - Strong interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills required - Experience with any of the following desired: -- Widget frameworks such as OWF and RAVE -- Game architectures and development as well as engines such as Unity -- Visualization tools and libraries such as Processing, Tableau, and Qlikview -- Data manipulation libraries such as CrossFilter and Neo4j -- Human factors methodologies such as contextual inquiry and user-centered design -- Mentoring or tutoring experience
 
 
Categories



Information Technology 

Management 

Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Software Engineering 

Environment, Health, and Safety 

Consulting 








