Information Technology System Lead at Lockheed Martin in Orlando, FL | IEEE



                            12 days old                        2018-04-262018-05-26




Information Technology System Lead

                                                            Lockheed Martin                                                    


Orlando, FL 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
432156BR





At Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems (RMS), we are driven by innovation and integrity. We believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and visionary thinking, everything is within our reach – and yours as a Lockheed Martin employee. Lockheed Martin values your skills, training and education. Come and experience your future!The Information Technology System Lead (ITSL) will lead the design, development, deployment, and support of Enterprise IT systems. Specific duties are expected to include leading the design and development of significant portions of the F-35 ALIS IT system. The ALIS system is the integrated IT system that supports all sustainment aspects of the F-35 aircraft. The ITSL will lead a team of Information Technology System Architects (ITSAs) to define how information from the ALIS business aspect is transformed into the necessary system data ALIS interacts with, as well as with any applications using or processing that information/data. The ITSL will work with the ITSAs and customers under an Agile Framework to identify critical business information needs and align those needs with the work being performed by the domain Systems Engineers, Interface Leads, and System Designers. The ITSL will lead and provide guidance to the ITSAs for key system design aspects, including user interface design, data processing design, and algorithm design. The ITSL will lead the development, testing, deployment, and support of the design throughout the entire product life cycleBasic Qualifications• Experience in Software Intensive Systems Engineering design, requirements analysis and decomposition, and a solid understanding of the systems engineering lifecycle• Experience defining, decomposing, and reviewing requirements for completeness and testability• Systems Modeling and Design (SysML) and experience working with an enterprise-level toolset (e.g. Enterprise Architect)• Data modeling experience• Business and information modeling experience• Significant experience with Agile development• Ability to obtain a secret security clearanceDesired skills• MS or BS in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, or Systems Engineering• Experience with SVN & JIRA• User interface design experience• Experience managing requirements in DOORsAs a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territoriesJoin us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrowLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability statusJob Location(s): Orlando Florida  






