Electronics Engineer Senior, GN&C Engineer at Lockheed Martin in Sunnyvale, CA | IEEE



                            26 days old                        2018-04-122018-05-12




Electronics Engineer Senior, GN&C Engineer

                                                            Lockheed Martin                                                    


Sunnyvale, CA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
428116BR





This Guidance, Navigation & Control, Electronics Engineer Certified Principle Engineer (CPE) position for the THAAD program is responsible for the Inertial Measurement Unit primary technical lead for the procurement, development, (IMU). Engineering responsibilities include serving as the integration, and test of the IMU. The GNC Electronics Engineer must work with the IMU vendor, subcontracts, specialty engineering, and Guidance/Navigation team to support system integration, analysis, and testThe GNC Electronics Engineer will be part of an interdisciplinary engineering team in design, documentation, fabrication, qualification, test, and integration of end item hardware. GNC Electronics Engineer will work in conjunction with the Electronics CPEs and Sub-Contract Managers on the THAAD Missile program for issues related to the fabrication and performance of the various electronics hardware. Support will include coordinating technical changes, technical evaluation of design and requirements verification; technical review of verification evidence, documentation describing verification rationale, design & documentation reviews, manufacturing & test discrepancy resolution, generation & review of end item data packages, and also support system level testing. Engineer will perform problem investigation of hardware acceptance testing at the part, CCA and package levelBasic QualificationsIn addition as needed participation on failure review teams, analysis of critical tests and performing analyses; taking part in status reviews and Technical Interchange Meetings (TIMs). Demonstrated ability to think through circuit analysis and trouble shoot instrumentation faults is most desirable. CPE will participate in troubleshooting (determination of root cause) of Acceptance Test Procedure (ATP) failures, generate fault trees, perform analysis and generate and execute test plans to exonerate branches of the fault tree. Candidate must have excellent written and verbal communication skills*Bachelor's Degree in Engineering or Science, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Systems Engineering or other equivalent area of expertise or related degree from an accredited college/university*Two or more years' experience in digital/analog electronics (design, circuit analysis, etc.)*Ability to interpret and/or create electrical schematics. Familiarity with Electrical Engineering Simulation Tools (such as SPICE) and experience using lab equipment (oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, power supplies)* Experience with failure investigations with working knowledge of root cause methodologies. (E.g., Fault tree, fishbone diagrams)*Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications*Excellent written and verbal communication skills with attention to detail. Ability to articulate complex technical issues to subordinates, peers, management, subcontractors and customers*Demonstrated problem solving skills including troubleshooting hardware/software*Strong interpersonal skills*Ability to work in a collaborative and team-based environment including working with hourly employees*Ability to obtain and maintain DOD Secret Security clearanceDesired skillsApplicant should have experience as CPE or CPE delegate on avionics electronics package or component design. Working knowledge of electronics product acceptance test methodologies and special test equipment will be requiredApplicant will be expected to be capable of understanding and evaluating information provided by subcontractors and to make recommendation to LM THAAD management based on their inputs. Experience in providing engineering support to electronics package production and the disposition of production hardware (E.g., Material Review Board or equivalent) and performing formal root cause analysis. Familiarity with working with subcontractors and remote field sites. Experience in an adjacent engineering field (E.g., mechanical, specialty, survivability, materials/processes)CPE certificationExperience with rate sensorsWorking knowledge of LM Command Media for electronics engineering design disciplines. Ability to produce and present informal / formal status briefings to both LM Program Management and Customer. Personal computer skills to include E-mail, Spreadsheets, Presentations, and WordAs a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territoriesJoin us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrowLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability statusJob Location(s): Sunnyvale California  






