Assistant, Associate, and Full Professors Computer Science at King Abdullah University of Science and Technology in Thuwal,  23955-6900 | IEEE


                            1+ months                        2018-03-272018-05-26




Assistant, Associate, and Full Professors Computer Science

                                                            King Abdullah University of Science and Technology                                                    


Thuwal,  23955-6900 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Job TypeContract
Job StatusFull Time







King Abdullah University of Science and Technology: Faculty Positions: Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Science and Engineering Division: Computer Science and Electrical Engineering
Faculty Positions in Computer Science 2018


Location: KAUST, Thuwal, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia




The Computer, Electrical, and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering Division ( https://cemse.kaust.edu.sa ) at King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST) invites applications for faculty positions at all levels (Full, Associate, and Assistant Professor) in the following areas of Computer Science ( https://cs.kaust.edu.sa ) :

Data Mining and analytics with emphasis on Big Data
Machine Learning with emphasis on Deep Learning
Artificial intelligence
Data Science with emphasis on Statistical methods
Computer Systems and Emerging Architectures (GPU’s, FPGA’s, etc)
High performance computing
Computer security
Quantum Computing

High priority will be given to the overall originality and promise of the candidate’s work rather than the candidate’s sub-area of specialization within Computer Science. An earned PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related field, and strong publication record in top-tier conferences and journals, are required. Senior candidates must have demonstrated strong leadership in the field. Women are strongly encouraged to apply. Also of particular interest are interdisciplinary candidates who can open new areas of investigation. A successful candidate will be expected to teach courses at the graduate level and to build and lead a research group of postdoctoral fellows and graduate students. Faculty members enjoy secure research funding from KAUST and have opportunities for additional funding through several KAUST provided sources and through industry collaborations.
KAUST ( https://www.kaust.edu.sa ) is an international, graduate-only research university, located on the shores of the Red Sea in Saudi Arabia. KAUST offers superb research facilities, including the 5 Petaflop/s Shaheen-2 supercomputer and a large-scale virtual reality installation; generous assured research funding; and internationally competitive salaries. KAUST attracts top international faculty, scientists, engineers and students to conduct curiosity-driven and goal-oriented research to address the world’s pressing scientific and technological challenges.
 
Requirements
You will be required to complete a brief application form and upload a single PDF file including:

A complete curriculum vitae with a list of publications
A research plan
A statement of teaching interests
The names and contact information for at least 3 references for an Assistant Professor position
A list with the names and affiliation of potential referees for Associate Professor and Full Professor or Researchers who have equivalent positions in Industrial or National research laboratories.

Because of the high volume of applications that we receive, only applications submitted through the online form will be considered. Applications will be evaluated as soon as they are received, and will receive full consideration until the positions are filled.
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Faculty 

Research 

Signal Processing 





