Software Engineer - Embedded at Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. in Pullman, WA | IEEE



                            10 hours                        2018-05-082018-06-06




Software Engineer - Embedded

Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. 


Pullman, WA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
141455907




Jobid: 141455907
		Job Title: Software Engineer - Embedded
		Location: Washington - Pullman
Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories (SEL) seeks a professional, innovative and detailed individual for our Software Engineer - Embedded position. If you are looking for an opportunity to work with world-class engineers and develop industry leading, state of the art products, then this position is for you!ResponsibilitiesDesign of firmware and softwareImplementation of firmware and software designs.Test development, analyze test plans and test results.Understand hardware and software interactions, and collaborate with Hardware Engineers.Review data sheets and instruction manuals.Continuously identify, measure, and improve processes.Other duties as assigned.QualificationsB.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or related.2+ years’ experience with embedded systems firmware development.Experience with an RTOS, embedded Linux, or other embedded OS.Strong proficiency in C and C++Strong writing, documentation, and speaking skills.Ability to learn new skills and assume new responsibilities.Background check results satisfactory to SELNegative drug test result(s)Preferred QualificationsWorking knowledge of Linux.Knowledge in embedded Linux systems development including: C, C++, C#, PythonOther scripting languagesLocation InformationSEL’s corporate office is located in Eastern Washington where you'll enjoy an unmatched quality of life. Enjoy the smaller town life: country space, freedom from traffic, easy access to recreational activities in nearby mountains, rivers, and forests, as well as great schools and universities.An Award Winning CompanySchweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. (SEL) has earned a reputation for quality, reliability, integrity, and service. This has enabled us to expand within both the electric utility and industrial markets in many different industries, markets, and geographies around the world.Communication with ApplicantsSEL sends an initial e-mail response to all applicants at time of résumé or CV submittal. If you do not receive this communication, please check your SPAM filter and make sure your system is not blocking e-mails from SEL. It is important that you ensure your receipt of this e-mail as SEL may communicate future position updates via e-mail. SEL is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  
SEL invents, designs, and builds digital products and systems that protect power grids around the world. This technology prevents blackouts and enables customers to improve power system reliability and safety at a reduced cost. A 100 percent employee-owned company headquartered in Pullman, Washington, SEL has manufactured products in the United States since 1984 and now serves customers worldwide. Our mission is simple: to make electric power safer, more reliable, and more economical. 



Categories



Information Technology 

Engineering 

Software Engineering 

Computer Engineering 

Quality Control 

Instrumentation and Measurement 








