UX Researcher at Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. in Pullman, WA | IEEE



                            10 hours                        2018-05-082018-06-06




UX Researcher

Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. 


Pullman, WA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
140432786




Jobid: 140432786
		Job Title: UX Researcher
		Location: Washington - Pullman
Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories (SEL) seeks a professional, innovative and talented user experience researcher to work within our UI/UX group on software products that are responsible for safe and reliable operation of the electrical power grid. You’ll help develop world-class products that engineers trust and love to use.As a UX Researcher, you will help everyone focus on the user. In this role, you will create understanding and empathy on both stated and unstated user needs. You’ll work closely with UX designers, product managers, development teams and engineers to fuel their development with critical user insights and data. you may find yourself working alongside UX Designers developing wireframes & prototypes. You may also find yourself assisting in design critiques where you offer your unique perspectives in human limitations, customer needs, and standard usability conventions. Your flexibility and willingness to assist where needed, learn a variety of new skills, and work on multiple projects simultaneously is crucial.The ideal candidate will be passionate about data, have experience conducting & analyzing both qualitative and quantitative primary research - exploring behaviors and motivations of our users through methods like field visits, surveys, interviews and usability tests. They will present a methodical and ethical scientific method for unbiased research, and champion the user’s need for powerful, effective and delightful software. They will inspire change at all stages of development by delivering compelling presentations on their findings.ResponsibilitiesDesign and conduct user research methods like interviews, contextual inquiry, task analysis and usability tests (with both internal and external users).Analyze qualitative & quantitative research results.Work with Designers, Product Managers, Engineers and other researchers.Constantly identify opportunities for research and take initiative in carrying it out.Understand and incorporate complex technical and business requirements into research.Good communication skills – ability to advocate research findings to diverse audiences through reports and in-person presentations.Other duties as assigned.QualificationsBA/BS degree in Human Factors, HCI/Computer Science, Psychology, or other related fields with demonstrable equivalent experience.2+ years of work experience designing and conducting user experience research.Familiarity with research methods, their strengths and weaknesses, and an understanding of when and how to apply them throughout the product development process.Excellent writing, documentation, and speaking skillsAbility to learn new skills and assume new responsibilitiesEnjoy working cooperatively in a team environmentBackground check results satisfactory to SELNegative drug test result(s)Location InformationThis position is at SEL’s headquarters in Pullman, Washington, where you'll enjoy an unmatched quality of life. Pullman, home of Washington State University, and neighboring Moscow, Id, home of the University of Idaho, are vibrant college towns where you can enjoy many athletic, cultural, and community events. You can also enjoy the benefits of smaller town life: country space, freedom from traffic, easy access to recreational activities in nearby mountains, rivers, and forests, as well as great schools!An Award Winning CompanySchweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. (SEL) has earned a reputation for quality, reliability, integrity, and service. This has enabled us to expand within both the electric utility and industrial markets in many different industries, markets, and geographies around the world.Communication with ApplicantsSEL sends an initial e-mail response to all applicants at time of résumé or CV submittal. If you do not receive this communication, please check your SPAM filter and make sure your system is not blocking e-mails from SEL. It is important that you ensure your receipt of this e-mail as SEL may communicate future position updates via e-mail. SEL is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  
SEL invents, designs, and builds digital products and systems that protect power grids around the world. This technology prevents blackouts and enables customers to improve power system reliability and safety at a reduced cost. A 100 percent employee-owned company headquartered in Pullman, Washington, SEL has manufactured products in the United States since 1984 and now serves customers worldwide. Our mission is simple: to make electric power safer, more reliable, and more economical. 



Categories



Engineering 








