Senior Signal Analysis Engineer at MITRE in Bedford, MA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-05-20




Senior Signal Analysis Engineer

                                                            MITRE                                                    


Bedford, MA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.MITRE seeks motivated and innovative engineers interested in
signal analysis research applied to signal processing applications towards the
development of enhancing our nations systems for navigation, timing, wireless
communications, and surveillance and reconnaissance sensors.  The
successful candidate should have a strong interest and some relevant background
with cyclostationary processing, wavelet analysis, machine learning, pattern
recognition, and/or statistical signal processing applied to at least one of
the following signal processing applications:

 

Key Functions:

Leading tasks to support
     wireless communications systems development and analysis, including
     modulation, coding, channel equalization, interference cancellation, and
     geolocation for cognitive radio applications.Leading tasks to support
     projects developing, applying and evaluating state-of-the-art signal
     processing algorithms for satellite navigation systems. Tasks focus on
     development of advanced navigation signals and receiver signal-time
     system-level demonstration.
Leading tasks to support
     projects developing, applying and evaluating state-of-the-art signal
     processing algorithms for sensor systems. Tasks focus on the use of
     sensing technologies, such as radar and video, to support defense and
     intelligence applications.The candidate is expected toLead signal analysis task efforts.Design and analyze representation learning and deep/machine learning architectures compared to tradition signal processing.Learn quickly on the job.Interface directly with defense and intelligence community sponsors and other contractors.Apply signal processing, electrical engineering, systems engineering, computer science, and machine learning to a diverse set of challenges










Required Qualifications:

Candidates must exhibit:

An exceptionally clear
     and structured thought process and coherent decision-making skills.
The ability to adapt and
     expand ones skillset to solve the problem at hand.
A desire to focus on
     technical and high impact work above all other factors.
Ability and desire to
     document results through technical and non-technical briefings, memos, and
     formal reports.
Ability to work in
     classified environments.
Preferred Qualifications:

Candidates will have a
     background in electrical engineering, physics, computer science or
     mathematics and a strong foundation in both signal processing and machine
     learning. We are also looking for experience in information and
     communication system engineering, estimation and classification, radar
     systems, and image and video processing.
The candidate should
     have academic and/or professional experience with as many of the following
     topics as possible:
Supervised/Unsupervised
     learning processes
Variety of machine
     learning structures: support vector machine, probabilistic graphical
     models, neural networks, etc.
Digital signal
     processing and stochastic processes
Engineering mathematics:
     calculus, differential equations, linear algebra
Wireless communications
Detection and estimation
Proficient with Python,
     C/C++, and/or MATLAB
Software development,
     debugging, and support
Data parsing, reduction,
     analysis, and visualization.A MS  or Ph.D. degree in Electrical or Computer
Engineering, Computer Science, or a similar field.Minimum Qualifications:Bachelors Degree and 3 years related experience.   
Categories



Engineering 

Information Technology 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Computer Engineering 

Signal Processing 

Communications 








