Software Engineer at MITRE in Hampton, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-06-04




Software Engineer

                                                            MITRE                                                    


Hampton, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.









<br />
<!--{PS..1}--><br />
Join a dynamic
team at MITREs Hampton Roads site involved in delivering innovative solutions
for some of the governments most challenging and immediate problems.Key
Functions:

 In this role,
you will work in an multidisciplinary team and apply your agile software
engineering skills to develop software prototypes for web, mobile and embedded
platforms.  You will recommend solutions based on
independent engineering assessments as well as through user feedback captured
during exercises, pilots and product evaluations.  You will perform cutting edge research in the
areas of mobility, big data, cloud computing and software engineering.  You will also focus on working across MITREs
customer base to solve key challenges of emerging technology adoption, and help
identify technology trends that can be used in government settings.












Minimum Qualifications:Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or similar field.  Candidate should possess the ability to be responsible for deliverables or parts of deliverables to MITRE customers.Preferred
Qualifications:

 Experience in
all phases of the software development lifecycle. Background in determining operational
feasibility of software solutions by conducting analysis on problem
definitions, requirements, and proposed technologies.  Software development skills in Android and iOS
at the operating system and application levels.  Experience with developing automated build
pipelines using automated test and continuous integration tools.  Familiarity with modern web development
frameworks (NodeJS, Angular, Express, Meteor, etc.). Experience with agile development processes
and techniques. Strong writing, interpersonal and
communication skills.  Experience with the development and
acquisition of DoD, Army, or DoD Agency Information systems.  Strong cyber security and secure software
development background.

 Experience
with cloud computing concepts to include virtualization and parallel computing.  Proficient in Apache Spark, Hadoop, OpenStack.  Working knowledge of data science and data
management concepts.

<br />
<!--{PS..0}--><br />
 
Categories



Information Technology 

Engineering 

Software Engineering 

Computer Engineering 








