Senior Business Analyst at Randstad Technologies, LLC in Woburn, Massachusetts 01801 | IEEE


                            5 days old                        2018-05-022018-06-01




Senior Business Analyst

                                                            Randstad Technologies, LLC                                                    


Woburn, Massachusetts 01801 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now

                                Please see Job Details for Apply instructions                            





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time
Shift1st Shift




Senior Business Analysts. Multiple openings. Headquarters: Woburn, MA. Analyze business processes, raw data and metadata, conduct data mapping to integrate data, and perform data validations. Document business data needs and identify strategic data solutions. Create functional data specifications and design conceptual, logical, and physical data models to support data integration efforts. Identify areas of optimization and propose new metrics and dashboards. Analyze datasets, determine coverage, and onboard security metadata. Document onboarding requirements and ensure data quality. Work with SQL, Jira, Oracle, Abinitio, Collibra, and Cognos. 40 hrs/wk. Must have Master's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Electr Engineering, Business Administration, or a related field (will accept a Bachelor's degree plus 5 years of progressive post baccalaureate experience in lieu of a Master's) and 1 year experience (or 1 year experience as an IT Consultant, Programmer Analyst, IT Analyst, Software Developer, or related occupation). Must have 1 year experience analyzing raw data and metadata, conducting data mapping to integrate data, performing data validations, and working with SQL, Jira and Oracle. Must be willing to travel/relocate to unanticipated locations throughout the US on short notice for extended periods of time. Mail resume clearly indicating job title and Ref ID #450349 to: Barbara Tuck, Randstad Technologies, LLC, PO Box 2993, Woburn, MA 01888-1793. 
Requirements
See Job Description.
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Software Engineering 





