Postdoc in Nano-Electromechanical Photonics at DTU Fotonik, Department of Photonics Engineering in Copenhagen,  2800 | IEEE


                            19 days old                        2018-04-192018-05-19




Postdoc in Nano-Electromechanical Photonics

                                                            DTU Fotonik, Department of Photonics Engineering                                                    


Copenhagen,  2800 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Job TypeContract
Job StatusFull Time




The research group of Associate Professor Søren Stobbe is a newly established research group at DTU Fotonik within the Quantum and Laser Photonics Group. Our research scope ranges from exploration of fundamental aspects of photonic topological insulators to application-oriented research within nano-optoelectromechanics. The main research methods are semiconductor nanofabrication, optical experiments, and theoretical modelling. It is our ambition to publish highlights of our results in top journals and to push the application-oriented research to real-world applications. ProjectThis postdoc position concerns the exploration of a novel type of nanoelectromechanical photonic devices where nanoelectromechanics is used to provide functionalities that can otherwise only be obtained with nonlinear materials. An application of this technology is ultracompact spectrometers, which are becoming increasingly important within telecommunication, optical interrogators, quantum technologies, healthcare, and much more. Depending on the interests and qualifications of the candidate, the project may explore additional directions towards, e.g., compact and tunable nanocavities or photonic topological insulators.Responsibilities and tasksThe scope of the position is mainly experimental but the interdisciplinary nature of our field requires research within the physics and engineering of semiconductors, nanotechnology, nanophotonics, optics, and nanomechanics. The emphasis will be on a few of these aspects, depending on the qualifications and interests of the candidate. Your main responsibilities will be:

Developing a compact nanoelectromechanical spectrometer including concept development, numerical design, and optical characterization.
For candidates with expertise in nanofabrication: using the silicon photonics technology at DTU Danchip, a large state-of-the-art cleanroom just a few steps from our optical labs, to fabricate the structures.
Optical measurements and data analysis.
Exploring further concepts and applications based on nano-electromechanical systems, which may involve basic research within photonic topological insulators, quantum information processing, or applied research towards creating a spin-out company – depending on the research progress and interests of the candidate.
Assisting in supervision of PhD-students in the group.

Your daily work will be in close collaboration with other team members. Our research environment is informal, creative, and ambitious.QualificationsCandidates should have a PhD degree in engineering of physics within relevant research fields such as

Optics and nanophotonics.
Numerical methods in photonics.
Nano/microelectromechanical systems.
Semiconductor nanofabrication.

Furthermore, the candidate should possess:

Strong analytical skills and keen interest in experimental work.
Good communication skills in English, both written and spoken.
Interest in assisting in co-supervising BSc, MSc and PhD students relevant for the project.
Having a track-record of publications in high-profile journals and/or experience with technically complex research projects is an advantage.

AssessmentThe assessment of the applicants will be made by Associate Professor Søren Stobbe and Professor Jesper Mørk.We offerDTU is a leading technical university globally recognized for the excellence of its research, education, innovation and scientific advice. We offer a rewarding and challenging job in an international environment. We strive for academic excellence in an environment characterized by collegial respect and academic freedom tempered by responsibility.Salary and appointment termsThe appointment will be based on the collective agreement with the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations. The allowance will be agreed with the relevant union. The period of employment is 2 years. The workplace is DTU Fotonik, Department of Photonics Engineering, at the Kgs. Lyngby Campus.Further informationFor further information, please contact Associate Professor Søren Stobbe, ssto@fotonik.dtu.dk / +45 60 65 67 69.You can read more about the Department of Photonics Engineering at www.fotonik.dtu.dk/english.ApplicationPlease submit your online application no later than 19 May 2018 (local time).Apply online at www.career.dtu.dk.Applications must be submitted as one PDF file containing all materials to be given consideration. To apply, please open the link "Apply online", fill in the online application form, and attach all your materials in English in one PDF file. The file must include:

Application (cover letter)
CV
Diploma (MSc/PhD)
List of publications 

 
All interested candidates irrespective of age, gender, race, disability, religion or ethnic background are encouraged to apply.The Department of Photonics Engineering at DTU has more than 200 researchers in optics and photonics and is one of the largest photonics research centers in the world. Our research spans from fundamental science to industry collaboration within, e.g., optical sensors, lasers, LEDs, photovoltaics, optical communication systems, bio-photonics, nano-optics, and quantum photonics. The department has very successful track record in innovation resulting in a number of successful spin-out companies.
 
DTU is a technical university providing internationally leading research, education, innovation and scientific advice. Our staff of 5,800 advance science and technology to create innovative solutions that meet the demands of society; and our 11,000 students are being educated to address the technological challenges of the future. DTU is an independent academic university collaborating globally with business, industry, government, and public agencies.  
Categories



Research 

Instrumentation and Measurement 

Nanotechnology 

Lasers and Electro-Optics 

Design/Development Engineering 





