Lead Infrastructure Engineer 00048902 at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-06-04




Lead Infrastructure Engineer 00048902

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.









<br />
<br />
Join MITRE's Computing Infrastructure & IT Service
Management department and apply advanced approaches and technologies to solve
our nation's most critical technical and mission problems across multiple work
programs. Work with senior government officials, in partnership with diverse
customer groups, providing strategic direction and leadership in the selection,
engineering, integration, implementation and operation of infrastructure
engineering.

Key Functions:

Candidate will be part of the technical team with expertise in two or more of
the following technologies: 
1. Infrastructure Applications, IaaS, PaaS, Cloud Computing (including
virtualization, platform migration, server consolidation, utility computing,
grid computing, VPN, wireless and mobile computing platforms, SAN/NAS,
messaging, intrusion detection, intrusion prevention, identity & privilege
management and authentication) 
2. Data Center Design, Operations, Consolidations, Migrations (including
servers, storage, workstations, voice and data networks, firewalls, cabling
systems, power distribution and environmental systems) 
3. Infrastructure and Data Center Operations (including enterprise systems
management processes and tools, security architectures & tools-, directory
services, capacity management, performance tuning, service management, data
center planning & consolidation, configuration management and asset
management server & storage configuration) 










Minimum Qualifications:Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or similar field and 8 years of experience.  Candidate demonstrates an ability to apply advanced principles, theories and concepts comparable to those obtained with a Master's degree in a relevant field of study.  Candidate understands the missions, domains and challenges of MITRE customers and is fully responsible for deliverables-including definition, completion, and technical quality, as well as assuring consistency across the responsibility span.  In addition, candidate is able to define projects or programs greater than themselves. 









<br />
<br />
Required Qualifications: 


Candidate must have 3 or more years of experience in 2 or more of the
following: 
 Infrastructure Engineering, Applications, and Network Architecture, 
 Service management, Service Delivery, 
 Cloud Computing, IaaS, PaaS, 
 Data Center -related Technologies, 
 Mobile Computing

 

Desired Qualifications:

 

 Certification(s) in Infrastructure
systems including Operating Systems, Networking, Security, hardware, etc. 


 
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Engineering 








