Systems Engineer-IT Stf at Lockheed Martin in Littleton, CO | IEEE



                            19 days old                        2018-04-192018-05-19




Systems Engineer-IT Stf

                                                            Lockheed Martin                                                    


Littleton, CO 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
431207BR





Education/Experience Required: BS in Computer Science, Systems Engineering, or Electrical Engineering with 3 + years in an integration and test environment or a BS from an accredited college with 6+ years in engineering. Accomplished with Microsoft Word, EXCEL, PowerPoint application, and knowledge of UNIX OS, QNX OS, Windows 2008 and 7, and CISCO switch and router OS/quality of service (QoS)The candidate must have comprehensive background in systems and subsystem testing with the ability to coordinate all aspects of testing. Candidate must have extensive working knowledge of Windows, UNIX System Administration, Hardware, Network and LAN support. Must have extensive knowledge of OS installation (ex: Windows Server 2008, XP and Solaris 10 or better), applications installation, account creation, Microsoft ACCESS database usage, VISIO drawing skills, virus detection implementation (Norton/McAfee anti- virus), establishing and maintaining system security auditing, troubleshooting / debugging hardware & network problems. - Hardware Assembly - ability to lift and install hardware within COMM racks (ex: 50lbs). Must be able to prepare a comprehensive test plans and procedures, perform the execution of functional acceptance test procedures; appraise, develop, and verify requirements; provide support to software development and system integration of baseline releases and platform anomaly resolution; generation of support test data and data scenarios; validate out of cycle SW releases; attend test-related meetings. Ability to quickly understand software pipeline architecture required. Candidate must be knowledgeable of networks, switches, routers, and other CISCO products. Be able to facilitate testing across diverse disciplines, working closely with the design teams to understand and develop test strategies and procedures for software, electrical, mechanical, and system support activities. Designs, develops, and implements testing methods and equipment. Plans and arranges the schedules, and equipment usage in test lab as required for testing and evaluating standard and special devices. Must be an independent thinker, self-motivated, self-starter, and works with limited supervision in order to keep pace with the fast pace environment. Compiles data and defines changes required in testing software and equipment, testing procedures. Must be willing to establish, update and follow lab procedures. Willing to work overtime as required, and provide scheduled pager support (if required). Willing to learn new technologies, be flexible in order to support various roles within the Integration and Test section and provide recommendation for system architectures configuration as needed/required. The candidate must have outstanding people and analytical skills. Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified informationRequired Skills: System Test Engineer with excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, including the ability to brief senior LM and customer management. Ability to quickly understand software pipeline architecture. Good analytical skills in test design, technical analysis and failure diagnosisPlans, implements, tests, documents, and maintains solutions for the integration and testing of in-house developed and COTS/GOTS components, elements, subsystems and/or systems. Synthesizes customer contractual needs and requirements into system test solutions that acknowledge technical, schedule and cost constraints. Establishes functional and technical specifications and standards, solves hardware/software interface problems, defines input/output parameters, and ensures integration of the entire system or subsystem. Reviews, evaluates and derives requirements for testability, develops and directs preparation and execution of comprehensive test plans, procedures and schedules for complete systems and/or subsystemsBasic QualificationsCandidate must have extensive working knowledge of Windows, System Administration, Hardware, Network and LAN support. Must have extensive knowledge of OS installation (ex: Windows Server 2008, XP and Solaris 10 or better)Desired skillsFamiliar with Dogpatch C2 Ground systems Familiar with Earn Value methods Experience with software development or college degree with software development course work and labs Experience with Systems Engineering and requirements management or college degree with software development course work and labs Experience with software testing and use of test automation tools Experience with scripting such as Perl, Python, Powershell Experience with basic network technology with Cisco hardware Experience with message brokers like Active MQ Experience with Realtime Operating Systems (RTOS) like QNXObtained one of the following degrees: B.S. Computer Information Systems B.S. Computer ScienceB.S. Computer Systems Technology B.S. Computer Engineering Technology B.S. Electronics Engineering TechnologyB.S. Software EngineeringAs a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territoriesJoin us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrowLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability statusJob Location(s): Littleton Colorado  






