Software Engineer - Embedded Systems at Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. in Boise, ID | IEEE



                            10 hours                        2018-05-082018-06-06




Software Engineer - Embedded Systems

Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. 


Boise, ID 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
141563997




Jobid: 141563997
		Job Title: Software Engineer - Embedded Systems
		Location: Idaho - Boise
Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories (SEL) seeks an innovative and motivated individual to join our team as a Software Engineer who will participate in the development of new products and add new features to existing products.  If you are looking for an opportunity to mentor teammates while growing your technical experience in embedded systems, then this position is for you!ResponsibilitiesLead development of specifications.Lead design of firmware/software.Lead implementation of firmware/software designs.Understand hardware and software interactions, and collaborate with Hardware Engineers.Analyze test plans and test results.Lead the development of designs and test documentation.Mentor Engineers, Associate Engineers, and Technicians.Review data sheets and instruction manuals.Serve as project manager and/or project technical contact.Participate in industry technical meetings and conferences as needed to meet operational and strategic plans.Lead development of R&D processes.Continuously identify, measure, and improve processes.Other duties as assigned.QualificationsB.S. in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or equivalentTypically 6+ years experience in either of the following areas:Embedded systems firmware development including: real-time firmware design, C and assembly languagesGraphical User Interface applications in Windows environments including: object oriented design, object oriented languages (C++, C#, Delphi, Visual Basic, JAVA, Smalltalk)Embedded Linux systems development including: C, C++, Python and other scripting languagesProven experience leading and completing complex projectsAbility to meet Motor Vehicle Report Qualification Standards of SELStrong writing, documentation, and speaking skillsAbility to learn new skills and assume new responsibilitiesAbility to work cooperatively in a team environmentBackground check results satisfactory to SELNegative drug test result(s)Preferred QualificationsIndustrial controls3-phase electric power systemsModern communications protocolsDigital and analog circuitryDigital communications and signal processingProject managementLocation InformationThis position is located in Boise, ID, capital of the gem state, and on the Boise River in the southwestern part of the state. You will enjoy local restaurants in a vibrant downtown full of small businesses, easy access to mountain foothills and 190 miles of trails. The city is also home to great schools and universities including Boise State University. Boise has been ranked as one of America's fastest growing cities, making it a great place to live and work.An Award Winning CompanySchweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. (SEL) has earned a reputation for quality, reliability, integrity, and service. This has enabled us to expand within both the electric utility and industrial markets in many different industries, markets, and geographies around the world.Communication with ApplicantsSEL sends an initial e-mail response to all applicants at time of résumé or CV submittal. If you do not receive this communication, please check your SPAM filter and make sure your system is not blocking e-mails from SEL. It is important that you ensure your receipt of this e-mail as SEL may communicate future position updates via e-mail. SEL is an Equal Opportunity Employer.   
SEL invents, designs, and builds digital products and systems that protect power grids around the world. This technology prevents blackouts and enables customers to improve power system reliability and safety at a reduced cost. A 100 percent employee-owned company headquartered in Pullman, Washington, SEL has manufactured products in the United States since 1984 and now serves customers worldwide. Our mission is simple: to make electric power safer, more reliable, and more economical. 



Categories



Engineering 

Information Technology 

Software Engineering 

Computer Engineering 

Signal Processing 

Quality Control 

Communications 

Instrumentation and Measurement 

Management 








