Senior Software Developer at Randstad Technologies, LLC in Woburn, Massachusetts 01801 | IEEE


                            5 days old                        2018-05-032018-06-02




Senior Software Developer

                                                            Randstad Technologies, LLC                                                    


Woburn, Massachusetts 01801 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now

                                Please see Job Details for Apply instructions                            





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time
Shift1st Shift




Senior Software Developers. Multiple openings. Headquarters: Woburn, MA. Design and develop applications using SQL Server, Oracle, Visual Studio, and existing design patterns. Analyze requirements, designs, and specifications to develop computer platforms and applications and create complex code. Verify program logic, prepare test data, and test and debug programs. Perform systems testing and migrate software to production. Develop documentation, procedures, and user guides. Ensure project requirements are met and create project plans. Work with C#, ASP.Net, SQL, .Net Framework, JQuery, Ajax, JavaScript, SSRS, and SSIS. 40 hrs/wk. Must have Master's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Electr Engineering, or a related field (will accept a Bachelor's degree plus 5 years of progressive post baccalaureate experience in lieu of a Master's) and 1 year experience (or 1 year experience as a Software Engineer, Systems Engineer, Application Developer, or related occupation). Must have 1 year experience working with C#, ASP.Net, SQL, .Net Framework, JQuery, and Ajax. Must be willing to travel/relocate to unanticipated locations throughout the US on short notice for extended periods of time. Mail resume clearly indicating job title and Ref ID #855165 to: Barbara Tuck, Randstad Technologies, LLC, PO Box 2993, Woburn, MA 01888-1793. 
Requirements
See Job Description.
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Software Engineering 





