Research Associate Professor at University of Chicago in Chicago, Illinois 60637 | IEEE


                            5 days old                        2018-05-022018-06-01




Research Associate Professor

                                                            University of Chicago                                                    


Chicago, Illinois 60637 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now

                                Please see Job Details for Apply instructions                            





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time




RESEARCH ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR Computer Science, Data Science and Policy The Department of Computer Science at the University of Chicago invites applications for a full-time Research Associate Professor. This position will begin in the 2018-2019 academic year. Applicants must apply online at the University of Chicago's Academic Career Opportunities website at: https://tinyurl.com/y7uu6brk. Applications are required to include a cover letter, the names of two external references , curriculum vitae, and a research statement. Additionally, applicants should submit two published or unpublished research papers. Working in collaboration with a faculty member in the Department of Computer Science, the Research Associate Professor will conduct original research and provide leadership for a research group working at the intersection of Computer Science, Data Science and Public Policy. It is expected that this the holder of this position will obtain grants, gifts and/or contracts to fund the position. The Research Associate Professor is expected to have experience in working on applied data science and machine learning problems at the boundary of computer science and other disciplines. The Research Associate Professor should also have applied research experience in large scale machine learning and work experience in interdisciplinary environments such as public policy. The Research Associate Professor is expected to initiate, manage, and find funding for projects with faculty, researchers, post-docs and students on machine learning and data science projects in collaboration with government agencies, corporations and other non-profits. The Research Associate Professor should have a strong publication record in data science and related fields and a strong history of engagement with government agencies, corporate and the non-profit sectors. The Research Associate Professor will bring these entities together by organizing events and other mechanisms. The Research Associate Professor will play an active role in obtaining and carrying out funded research, and will serve as Co-Investigator and independent Principal Investigator on research grants. Applicants must have a Ph.D. in Computer Science or a closely related field, or must have experience and a record of research accomplishments equivalent to what would be expected of a successful Ph.D. in the field. Applicants must have at least five years research experience, demonstrated success in writing grant proposals, and a strong commitment to research.  Review of applications will continue until the position is filled. Only short-listed candidates will be contacted. Invited candidates will be required to present a Research Seminar. The University of Chicago has the highest standards for scholarship and faculty quality, is dedicated to fundamental research, and encourages collaboration across disciplines. We encourage connections with researchers across campus in such areas as bioinformatics, mathematics, molecular engineering, natural language processing, and statistics to mention just a few. The Chicago metropolitan area provides a diverse and exciting environment. The local economy is vigorous, with international stature in banking, trade, commerce, manufacturing, and transportation, while the cultural scene includes diverse cultures, vibrant theater, world-renowned symphony, opera, jazz, and blues. The University is located in Hyde Park, a Chicago neighborhood on the Lake Michigan shore just a few minutes from downtown. Applications must be submitted through the University's Academic Jobs website.
The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity/Disabled/Veterans Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, age, status as an individual with a disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or other protected classes under the law. For additional information please see the University's Notice of Nondiscrimination at http://www.uchicago.edu/about/non_discrimination_statement/. Job seekers in need of a reasonable accommodation to complete the application process should call 773-702-0287 or email ACOppAdministrator@uchicago.edu with their request. 
Categories



Faculty 





