Siri - Domains Software Engineer at Apple Inc. in Cupertino, CA | IEEE



                            21 days old                        2018-04-172018-05-16




Siri - Domains Software Engineer

                                                            Apple Inc.                                                    


Cupertino, CA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
113465431





Changing the world is all in a day's work at Apple. If you love innovation, here's your chance to make a career of it. You'll work hard. But the job comes with more than a few perksWould you like to play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction? Come join the Siri team at Apple. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Build groundbreaking technology for artificial intelligence. Transform the way people keep up with their favorite sports and work with the people who crafted the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking   Key Qualifications: •Strong Computer Science fundamentals including familiarity with basic algorithms •In-depth development experience with server-side Java and web services •Strong object-oriented programming and design skills •Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and communication skills •Experience writing multi-threaded code Description: The Siri Team is looking for someone with a combination of strong programming skills and a creative, user-focused mindset. You will be an outstanding teammate who can collaborate with engineers in several technical areas that have crafted the entire range of Siri's capabilities. You should be able to thrive in a fast-paced environment with rapidly changing priorities Specific responsibilities include: Crafting and implementing natural language interactions and work flow that provide intelligent user assistance Integrating data feeds and live service providers using web services Working with our platform team to define infrastructure interfaces * Working with design and client-side teams to ensure a phenomenal user experience Working with localization team to support the Siri experience in multiple languages   Education: BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent and 5+ years of industry experience Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants   






