Sensor Engineer at MITRE in Bedford, MA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-06-04




Sensor Engineer

                                                            MITRE                                                    


Bedford, MA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us. 
 
The candidate will provide technical support to a variety of government and internal projects in the area of radar/sensor engineering. The candidates responsibilities will include conducting field experiments, analyzing data, modeling radar behavior, and prototyping new software algorithms and/or hardware for insertion into both fielded and developmental systems. The successful candidate will have a background in electrical engineering, physics or math, as well as strong written and oral communication skills.
Key Functions:
Model, test, and analyze radar/sensor systems at the system, module, and component levels in order to support hardware and software fielding decisions. 
Prototype new software algorithms and hardware designs for insertion into existing and developmental radar
Required Qualifications:

Strong math skills and familiarity with at least one subject area typically employed in radars such as antennas, signal processing, tracker design, RF hardware, or electromagnetic propagation. Preferred Qualifications:
Familiarity with at least two subject areas typically employed in radars such as antennas, signal processing, tracker design, RF hardware, or electromagnetic propagation. 
Familiarity with MATLAB, or a similar programming language Minimum Qualifications:BS (or higher) in Computer Science, Electrical or Computer Engineering. The candidate will possess demonstrated ability to provide deliverables or parts of deliverables to customers
 

Level2
 
Secret

 
Categories



Engineering 

Information Technology 

Antennas and Propagation 

Signal Processing 

Electromagnetics 

Computer Engineering 








