Business Systems Analyst at West Coast Consulting, LLC in Irvine, California 92618 | IEEE


                            21 days old                        2018-04-162018-05-16




Business Systems Analyst

                                                            West Coast Consulting, LLC                                                    


Irvine, California 92618 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now

                                Please see Job Details for Apply instructions                            





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time
Shift1st Shift




Business Systems Analysts. Multiple openings. Gather and document complex business requirements from multiple stakeholders. Assess, diagnose, and document impact of proposed requirements and application logic across applications and systems to identify and document To-Be process flows across application layers. Work closely with IT business to define and prioritize system framework requirements and identify potential risks, issues, and system designs needed to fully implement business requirements. Gather and document requirements for changes in SEC Reports and other statutory reports in Hyperion environment to comply with revised revenue recognition guidelines. Document functional requirements, including Use Case Models, Data Flow Diagrams and Context Diagrams. Work with Oracle Hyperion, SharePoint, ALM, Windows, IE8, and Microsoft Office Suite. 40 hrs/wk. Must have Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Electr Engineering, Computer Information Systems, or a related field (will accept a Bachelor's equivalent based on a combination of a 3 year Bachelor's degree in any field plus 3 years of IT experience) and 2 years experience (or 2 years experience as an Assistant Manager, Project Manager, CIS Manager, Software Developer, or related occupation). Must be willing to travel/relocate to unanticipated locations throughout the US on short notice for extended periods of time. Mail resume to: HR, West Coast Consulting, LLC, 9233 Research Drive, Irvine, CA 92618. 
Requirements
See Job Description.
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Software Engineering 





