Senior Software Developer at Randstad Technologies, LLC in Woburn, Massachusetts | IEEE


                            13 days old                        2018-04-242018-05-24




Senior Software Developer

                                                            Randstad Technologies, LLC                                                    


Woburn, Massachusetts 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now

                                Please see Job Details for Apply instructions                            





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time
Shift1st Shift




Senior Software Developers. Multiple openings. Headquarters: Woburn, MA. Design and develop software components using Java technologies and develop applications using Java, Spring, EJB, Mule Soft, BPM, and BRM tools. Deploy applications to web servers and identify and prepare test data requirements. Monitor defects and tickets using HP Quality Center and Rally and design and implement messaging services and multithreading frameworks. Ensure code coverage, performance tune applications, and perform code versioning and deployment. Work with Java, Spring, Oracle, Jenkins, Eclipse, Junit, Perforce, and Weblogic. 40 hrs/wk. Must have Master's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Electr Engineering, or a related field (will accept a Bachelor's degree plus 5 years of progressive post baccalaureate experience in lieu of a Master's) and 1 year experience (or 1 year experience as an Associate-Projects, Project Engineer, Software Engineer, or related occupation). Must have 1 year experience working with Java, Spring, Oracle, Jenkins, Eclipse, and Junit. Must be willing to travel/relocate to unanticipated locations throughout the US on short notice for extended periods of time. Mail resume clearly indicating job title and Ref ID #706739 to: Barbara Tuck, Randstad Technologies, LLC, PO Box 2993, Woburn, MA 01888-1793. 
Requirements
See Job Description.
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Software Engineering 





