Chair at Nanyang Technological University, Singapore | IEEE


                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-05-11




Chair

                                                            Nanyang Technological University, Singapore                                                    



                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now

                                Please see Job Details for Apply instructions                            





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time




Nanyang Technological University, Singapore invites applications for the position ofChair, School of Computer Science and EngineeringAbout the AppointmentThis is an exceptional opportunity for a visionary academic to lead the School of Computer Science and Engineering (SCSE) in the next phase of its development at the hub of the rapidly growing AI, digital and smart city cluster at the Nanyang Technological University, Singapore. This is a professorial appointment with concurrent appointment as Chair of the School. The successful candidate reports to the Dean of Engineering and is expected to provide leadership and oversight for the academic, intellectual and administrative affairs of the School and its two major disciplines – Computer Science and Computer Engineering.  The Chair is a member of the Dean Advisory Committee and is expected to work closely with counterparts in the sister Schools within the College of Engineering, as well as those in the College of Science, to promote the ethos of multi- and trans-disciplinary innovation in research and education at NTU.  Building on the foundation and progress already made, there is significant scope for the incoming Chair to shape the School’s further development through strategic decisions in recruitment of world-class talent and pursuit of funding opportunities.The appointee must have a strong record of academic achievements, research, and teaching at a reputable university. The appointee should also have strong interpersonal and communication skills to engage faculty colleagues, and commit to faculty shared governance.The emphasis on engineering education and research in Singapore over the past decades has generated a research terrain which is comparable with the leading academic centres in the world.  SCSE is a part of this terrain.About Nanyang Technological University, SingaporeNTU Singapore is an internationally reputed research-intensive university with globally acknowledged strengths in Engineering and Business. Science and the Humanities have added to the strengths of the University, and a Medical School has been set up jointly with Imperial College London.  Ranked 11th by the Quacquarelli Symonds (QS) World University Rankings, NTU is the fastest rising university in the QS global top 50 universities. It is 1st in the world among the young elite universities, according to QS’ Top 50 under 50 rankings as well as 1st in Asia’s Top 10 universities. Notably, NTU was named the world’s fastest rising young university by Times Higher Education in 2015.The University’s academic and research programmes, with real world relevance, have received strong support from major corporations, government agencies, and industry leaders, in terms of research funding, industry partnerships, and global internship opportunities for students.  The University is host to a number of substantial and globally ranked research units.The University is located on park-like grounds and is next to the CleanTech Park.  Accommodation for qualified persons is available on the campus with easy access to amenities necessary for daily living.About the SchoolThe School of Computer Science and Engineering (SCSE) is proud to have established an international reputation as one of the top Computer Science and Computer Engineering departments globally. This success is largely attributed to its unique blend of expertise in computer science and engineering which provides a conducive environment for faculty to pursue impactful interdisciplinary research.SCSE was the first school in Singapore to offer a Computer Engineering programme, and today it is the only school in Singapore that trains students in both Computer Science and Computer Engineering fundamentals. In 2017, SCSE was ranked 1st in Asia for Computer Science and Engineering by the Academic Ranking of World Universities and 4th by US News Global University Ranking. Greatly aided by state-of-the-art infrastructure and resources, SCSE fosters a vibrant culture for undertaking cutting-edge research to innovate viable technologies and solutions for a wide variety of domains in computer science and engineering. SCSE has prominently established itself in a number of key research areas, such as Artificial Intelligence (AI), Big Data Analytics, Cyber Security, Cloud Computing, Game Innovation, User Experience, Urban and Sustainability Informatics and Internet-of-Things. SCSE has greatly contributed to the Nanyang Technological University, Singapore being ranked the top university in the world for AI in a ranking jointly compiled by Nikkei and Elsevier that measures research citations between 2012 and 2016. SCSE has recently launched an innovative Bachelor of Science degree in data science and artificial intelligence in order to nurture future talents in these essential areas.To apply:

Please logon to the following webpage for full details on faculty application guidelines. http://www.ntu.edu.sg/ohr/career/submit-an-application/Pages/Faculty-Positions.aspx 
Please send your detailed curriculum vitae, accompanied by a cover letter and completed Personal Particulars Form to the email address: chair-searchscse@ntu.edu.sg.

 Closing Date: 15 May 2018All applications and materials submitted will be held in strict confidence. Only shortlisted candidates will be notified.  
Categories



Management 

Computer Engineering 

Consulting 

Faculty 

Research 





