Senior Software Developer at Randstad Technologies, LLC in Woburn, Massachusetts 01801 | IEEE


                            5 days old                        2018-05-032018-06-02




Senior Software Developer

                                                            Randstad Technologies, LLC                                                    


Woburn, Massachusetts 01801 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now

                                Please see Job Details for Apply instructions                            





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time
Shift1st Shift




Senior Software Developers. Multiple openings. Headquarters: Woburn, MA. Design, develop, and review web application code and upgrade UI technologies using Angular JS, Restful Web Services, and Spring. Develop business logic with Spring controllers, services, and data access objects using Java, J2EE, and Hibernate and create SQL statements and stored procedures. Review and deploy code and fix issues reported in ALM defect management systems. Work with Angular JS, Restful Web Services, Spring, Java, J2EE, Hibernate, HTML, CSS, JQuery, Oracle, SVN, QC, and Weblogic. 40 hrs/wk. Must have Master's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Electr Engineering, Business Administration, IT Management, or a related field (will accept a Bachelor's degree plus 5 years of progressive post baccalaureate experience in lieu of a Master's) and 1 year experience (or 1 year experience as a Software Developer, Systems Engineer, IT Analyst, or related occupation). Must have 1 year experience working with Angular JS, Restful Web Services, Spring, Java, J2EE, and Hibernate. Must be willing to travel/relocate to unanticipated locations throughout the US on short notice for extended periods of time. Mail resume clearly indicating job title and Ref ID #679956 to: Barbara Tuck, Randstad Technologies, LLC, PO Box 2993, Woburn, MA 01888-1793. 
Requirements
See Job Description.
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Software Engineering 





