Research Professional at Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona 85287 | IEEE


                            12 days old                        2018-04-262018-06-25




Research Professional

                                                            Arizona State University                                                    


Tempe, Arizona 85287 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
12384

Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time
Shift1st Shift





The Department of Physics at the Arizona State University (https://physics.asu.edu) invites application for a full –time, fiscal-year, non-tenure track Research Professional with an anticipated start date of June 15, 2018. The member of the technical staff will work with the Directors of the SciHub Center, Professor Frank Wilczek and Professor Nate Newman, to assist in the development, operation, and management of the SciHub within a small industrial lab model. 
The successful candidate will be expected to carry out tasks within a team and also lead efforts in 


Product development in an incubator lab, assisting and leading the development of prototypes and ultimately products that address real-world problems.
Teaching a team-based design class for engineering, science and design students involving development of a new technological product for commercial, scientific and/or educational applications. 
K-12 STEM outreach activities and module development. 
University curriculum development.
Research in order to create new knowledge in the areas of science, design, and/or art and their interdependences.  Topics of current focus include perception technology, product development, STEM education, the physical embodiment of art and its presentation.

 
To apply, please submit the following materials within a single PDF document to:
https://www.physics.asu.edu/content/research-professional-scihub
 
(1) a cover letter that includes contact information (including email addresses) for three references; (2) a comprehensive curriculum vitae that includes a complete publication record; (3) an outline of future research plans (not to exceed three pages); and (4) a statement of teaching philosophy and interests (not to exceed two pages).
The initial deadline for review of complete applications is May 18th, 2018; if not filled, review of complete applications will continue every two weeks thereafter until the search is closed. A background check is required for employment.
 
Arizona State University is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor and an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by law. ASU’s full non-discrimination statement (ACD 401) is located on the ASU website at https://www.asu.edu/aad/manuals/acd/acd401html and https://www.asu.edu/titleIX/

 
 
Requirements
Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree(s) in science, engineering, design, art or related field and 3 years in a post-graduate academic, government and/or industrial/organizational position; OR, a Master’s degree in related field and 1 year post-graduate academic, government and/or industrial/organizational position; OR, any equivalent combination of education and/or experience from which comparable knowledge, skills and abilities have been achieved. 
 
Desired Qualifications: A strong record of working in a product development group or product incubator; experience and/or interest in the development of innovative educational and commercial products involving instrumentation and relevant to STEM education, a high level of computer literacy data visualization, or museum exhibits exploiting technology for artistic purposes. Demonstrated success meeting the needs of underrepresented student populations and/or reaching out to diverse communities. 
Categories



Research 





