Radar Algorithm Engineer - SEAL - 1475 at Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) in Smyrna, GA | IEEE



                            1 day old                        2018-05-072018-06-05




Radar Algorithm Engineer - SEAL - 1475

Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) 


Smyrna, GA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
1475




Title: Radar Algorithm Engineer - SEAL - 1475 
                 JobID: 1475 
                 Location: Smyrna, GA 
                 Description: Job Description
The Electromagnetic Applications Laboratory (SEAL) of the Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) is seeking technical personnel interested in developing and testing radar data processing algorithms for air and missile defense applications.  Candidates with education or experience in evaluating and assessing radar data processing and multi-sensor fusion algorithms are highly desirable.

Candidates should have a fundamental understanding in one or more of the following areas:
	
Control Theory
Signal Processing
Random Processes
Parameter Estimation
Linear Algebra


Candidates shall have or develop an expertise in one or more of the following areas:
	
Target tracking, preferably for Air and Missile Defense applications
Multi-sensor data fusion
RF and IR discrimination
Radar resource managers
Radar signal processing
Interferometric radar signal processing and tracking


Candidates must be very proficient in MATLAB and comfortable coding in large scale modeling and simulation tools
Software development experience, proficiency in C/C++, and proficiency in version control software such as GIT are a plus
Candidates must be excellent communicators and have a willingness to brief work to outside organizations
Be willing to travel approximately 10% time
Candidates must be US citizens able to obtain a Department of Defense security clearance. Selection process will include passing a pre-employment background screening.

Research Engineer I

Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering.

Research Engineer II

A Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering and three (3) years of relevant full-time experience after completion of that degree,

ABOUT GEORGIA TECH RESEARCH INSTITUTE
Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) has been recognized as one of Atlanta’s Best Places to Work by the Atlanta Business Chronicle 4 of the last 5 years. GTRI offers competitive pay, excellent benefits, and a great location.  Professional growth opportunities include support for advanced degrees, patent rights, and freedom for approved outside consulting, periodic special courses in technical and leadership topics, and support for the presentation of papers at conferences and symposia. Grow your career at GTRI.
GTRI employs over 2,000 research faculty, with an annual sponsored research budget of over $370 million.  The important work we do is diverse, challenging, and rewarding. Work with subject matter experts at our Atlanta campus or at the 14 other locations in MD, OH, VA, AL FL HI, TX, CA, AZ, DC, MA and GA.  Research areas include such diverse areas as: Cyber Security, Big Data and Data Intelligence, Computer Science, Software Engineering, High Performance Computing (HPC), Hardware Design, Embedded System Design, Communication Systems Design, High Speed Networks, Electromagnetics (EM) including Radar Systems, Antenna Design, Electronic Warfare (EW), Sensor Design, Intelligent Systems, Systems Engineering and others. 




Categories



Engineering 

Electromagnetics 








