IT Professionals at Edge IT Corp. in Sterling, Virginia 20164 | IEEE


                            29 days old                        2018-04-092018-05-09




IT Professionals

                                                            Edge IT Corp.                                                    


Sterling, Virginia 20164 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now

                                Please see Job Details for Apply instructions                            





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time
Shift1st Shift




IT Professionals: Multiple openings. Headquarters: Sterling, VA.Programmer Analysts (ID#9136) multiple openings. Analyze business requirements and design and develop software specifications. Create technical design documents and user stories and develop and enhance applications and User Interfaces. Develop Web Services and identify, debug, and fix issues. Participate in testing, integration, and deployment activities and perform code reviews and data validations. Work with Java, Angular JS, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, Git, and Web Services. Systems Administrators (ID#5683) multiple openings. Perform system administration activities and build, configure, patch, and maintain servers. Configure and administer load balancers and design and develop automation processes. Install, deploy, and cluster applications across different environments and analyze test scenarios. Migrate and update software, troubleshoot issues, and provide production support. Work with Linux, Puppet, Jenkins, Git, AWS, Solaris, Ruby, Apache, and Weblogic. System Analysts (ID#9784) multiple openings. Create static HTML pages using CSS and develop Restful APIs on various platforms. Debug and triage software defects and issues related to API failures and identify and fix performance issues related to frontend development activities. Develop project documentation, provide production support, and ensure project requirements are maintained. Work with Angular JS, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Splunk, GitHub, SVN, Postman, and Bitbucket. Applies to all positions: 40 hrs/wk, must have Master's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Electr Engineering, or a related field (will accept a Bachelor's degree plus 5 years of progressive post baccalaureate experience in lieu of a Master's), must be willing to travel/relocate to unanticipated locations throughout the US on short notice for extended periods of time. Mail resume clearly indicating job title and Ref ID# to: HR, Edge IT Corp, 1402 Shepard Drive, Suite 100, Sterling, VA 20164. 
Requirements
See Job Description
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Software Engineering 





