Software Developer (Research Engineer/Scientist I/II) EOSL-1368 at Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) in Atlanta, GA | IEEE



                            1 day old                        2018-05-072018-06-05




Software Developer (Research Engineer/Scientist I/II) EOSL-1368

Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) 


Atlanta, GA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
1368




Title: Software Developer (Research Engineer/Scientist I/II) EOSL-1368 
                 JobID: 1368 
                 Location: Atlanta, GA 
                 Description: 
	


Title: Software Developer (Research Scientist I/II)


Position: Full Time
Level: Research Engineer/Scientist I/II
 




Primary Location: Atlanta, GA


Travel Required: Up to 25% time, but typically far less




Lab: Electro-Optical Systems Laboratory (EOSL)


Reporting To: Micah Coleman




Job Description
This job is for a full time research faculty position in the Electronic Warfare Analysis Branch (EWAB) within the Electro-Optical Systems Laboratory (EOSL) at Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI).  Responsibilities include developing innovative solutions for algorithms and waveforms, and developing models and simulations to support EW research.
EWAB performs modeling, simulation, and analysis in support of various RF electronic warfare studies, including aircraft self-protection countermeasures, net-centric warfare, mission data support, and target tracking.  Our team has a diversity of backgrounds and skillsets, and a typical project team is composed of programmers, RF engineers, and radar experts.  While our work is applied research, it runs the gamut from "blue sky" concepts for the future battlespace to modeling-based solutions to be fielded on today's aircraft. 
We offer a flexible work environment allowing each researcher to pursue his or her interests and strengths, integrated with the overall mission of the branch and the lab.  If you have aspirations for an advanced degree, all the better.  Because GTRI is a research unit within Georgia Tech, you can get your graduate school paid for and pursue a degree in pretty much any engineering, science or math field you desire from a world class research institution.  We highly encourage our research developers to pursue advanced technical degrees and professional development courses.
 




Requirements:


Write software to model various EW systems


Assist in the design, development, and demonstration of EW simulation experiments


Develop and integrate scripts to allow researchers to gather and analyze critical data from the simulation runs


Perform analysis on the simulations to determine the efficacy of EW techniques and optimize the techniques


Document analysis and maintain configuration management of all software and experiments


Travel may be involved, as project work may occur in Atlanta or at a location other than Atlanta


Education:

B.S. M.S. or Ph.D in Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or related fields

Experience: 

0-7 years of professional or graduate experience

Preferred Skills:

Matlab, C/C++, Python, Fortran
Strong math skills and ability to learn complex engineering concepts
Familiarity with Linux and open source tools
Configuration management tools (git preferred)
Ability to clearly communicate technical ideas to non-technical audience
Ability to work independently as well as in a dynamic team environment

Other:

Must have a active Secret DoD security clearance.





 



 




Categories



Electronics Engineer 








