Contamination Control Engineer at Lockheed Martin in Sunnyvale, CA | IEEE



                            18 days old                        2018-04-202018-05-20




Contamination Control Engineer

                                                            Lockheed Martin                                                    


Sunnyvale, CA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
430538BR





The Lockheed Martin Space Contamination Control Engineering team is looking for an experienced candidate to develop and implement Contamination Control practices to build spacecraft. This will include establishing requirements, developing and executing test plans, coordinating with other disciplines and external customers, and troubleshooting anomalies. The candidate will evaluate technical and economic factors, to recommend engineering and manufacturing actions for attainment of design objectives of process or product by applying knowledge of contamination control and related technologies. Candidate will have the opportunity to work with multiple organizations from design through launch as part of a full spacecraft build and test. Candidates may derive and specify contamination control requirements, develop or optimize manufacturing processes, facility requirements, and monitoring controls for maintaining space hardware cleanliness/performance throughout hardware life cycle. Develops and implements detailed Contamination Control Plans and Requirements Specifications. Oversees and coordinates contamination issues involved with Program manufacturing, systems integration and test, transportation, launch base integration, and on-orbit checkout. Develops test plans and investigation plans for technical problems and reports results and solutions to program management. Reviews product failure data and interprets laboratory tests and analyses to provide verification of hardware cleanliness requirements. Plans and implements laboratory operations to develop procedures for precision cleaning and verification to fulfill product cost and performance standards. Evaluates supplier facilities and processes and establishes qualification criteria for compliance to contamination control requirementsThe candidate will work on a team with a mix of early career and experienced professionals. This is a great opportunity to get a broad understanding of how Lockheed Martin Space operatesBasic QualificationsBachelors Degree in Engineering, Chemistry, Physics, Materials Science or related background or field of study. Subject matter expertise with cleanrooms, precision cleaning, materials testing, thermal vacuum test or Quartz Crystal Microbalance (QCM) monitoringExperience implementing contamination control for space applications or related field. Knowledge of IEST-STD-CC1246, ISO-14644, ASTM E 1548, analytical laboratory equipment or techniques that apply to specialized contamination monitoring equipment and toolsExcellent writing, communication, and interpersonal skills. Ability to obtain a security clearance to the SCI levelU.S CitizenDesired skillsDetail Oriented and Ability to multi-task, handle shifting priorities and timeline pressure to meet project deadlines. Demonstrated ability with IEST-STD-CC1246, ISO-14644, ASTM E 1548, analytical laboratory equipment or techniques that apply to specialized contamination monitoring equipment and toolsExperience with precision cleaning of hardware, producing verification products for government customersActive TS/SCI ClearanceAs a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territoriesJoin us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrowLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability statusJob Location(s): Sunnyvale California  






