Computer Science - Geospatial Systems at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-06-04




Computer Science - Geospatial Systems

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Come work to help advance the technical capability of a critical government mission supporting the defense of the nation. Seeking a developer highly skilled in Python and SQL to support geospatial and analytical system development.Key Functions:Maintain and modify existing automated data ingestion processes as well as develop new additions to these processes. Support development of new analytic and geospatial tools. Experience working with GIT configuration management tool. Ability to work independently with poorly defined requirements to provide incremental improvements to the system. Support a variety of computer forensic applications.










							Required Qualifications:In depth knowledge of Python and SQL development. Core computer science skills with intermediate hands on experience working across multiple network environments. Assistance with managing active systems, services, servers and databases..Willingness to be at government site 3 to 4 days a week. Will be assigned to this project for one year at least. Preexisting system certifications or ability to get a certification such as Security +.Preferred Qualifications:Any additional development experience with Java and web-based applications is beneficial. Other systems engineering experience is a plus, such as requirements development, agile development, and enterprise strategic thinking. Geospatial knowledge and background also a plus but not required. Ideally the person who fills this position will be well rounded and flexible as to the type of work they are willing to do.Minimum Qualifications:BS and 3 years related experience.
 
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Programming/Systems 








