Senior Business Analyst at Randstad Technologies, LLC in Woburn, Massachusetts 01801 | IEEE


                            5 days old                        2018-05-022018-06-01




Senior Business Analyst

                                                            Randstad Technologies, LLC                                                    


Woburn, Massachusetts 01801 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now

                                Please see Job Details for Apply instructions                            





Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time
Shift1st Shift




Senior Business Analysts. Multiple openings. Headquarters: Woburn, MA. Capture business requirements and translate requirements into business process and functional design documents. Develop uses cases and systems enhancements, identify and analyze issues, and implement solutions and process improvements. Ensure system and data designs meet requirements and perform root cause analysis. Develop test metrics and strategies, write and execute test plans, and perform UAT. Ensure quality of testing and develop process flow and system procedure documentation. Work with HP Quality Center, Jira, VersionOne, FileZilla, and Excel. 40 hrs/wk. Must have Master's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Electr Engineering, Telecommunications Engineering, or a related field (will accept a Bachelor's degree plus 5 years of progressive post baccalaureate experience in lieu of a Master's) and 1 year experience (or 1 year experience as a Software Engineer, Software Analyst, IT Consultant, or related occupation). Must have 1 year experience capturing business requirements, translating requirements into business process and functional design documents, developing uses cases, and working with HP Quality Center. Must be willing to travel/relocate to unanticipated locations throughout the US on short notice for extended periods of time. Mail resume clearly indicating job title and Ref ID #070976 to: Barbara Tuck, Randstad Technologies, LLC, PO Box 2993, Woburn, MA 01888-1793. 
Requirements
See Job Description.
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Software Engineering 





