Staff Cryo-Mechanical Engineer / Cryogenic Systems / Goleta, CA at Lockheed Martin in Goleta, CA | IEEE



                            22 days old                        2018-04-162018-05-16




Staff Cryo-Mechanical Engineer / Cryogenic Systems / Goleta, CA

                                                            Lockheed Martin                                                    


Goleta, CA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
380617BR





We are looking for an experienced mechanical engineer to join our dynamic engineering team to contribute to the successful design and production of infrared sensors. The position offers multidisciplinary engineering challenges, ability to work directly with a variety of customers, and leadership growth potentialMust be self motivated and able to function as a Task Lead. Participates in design analysis, solid modeling, drawing generation, testing and data analysis, integration and control of mechanical test equipment, troubleshooting, failure analysis, and support to production. Experience in the design and/or application of cryocoolers and cryogenic packaging is required. Leads mechanical design projects, including responsibility for coordinating mechanical design efforts and meeting both technical and programmatic objectives. Interfaces with engineers and technicians in electrical, mechanical, and optical tasks required for program performanceRelocation: Relocation assistance is possible for this exciting position. The Locale: Goleta is a city in southern Santa Barbara County, California. Goleta is part of the central coast region of California and offers lots of great scenery and is a great place to live and to raise a family. The region is known primarily for agriculture and tourism. Major crops include wine grapes, lettuce, strawberries, and artichokes. Goleta is near the University of California, Santa Barbara campus. Much of Goleta is considered to be a quiet suburban community while Santa Barbara tends to attract most of the tourists and the area's residents. Goleta is about 8 miles west of the city of Santa Barbara, along the coast (the coast runs east to west in this portion of southern California). Where can you drive to from Goleta? Goleta is 2 hours northwest of Los Angeles. San Francisco is about 5 hours to the north of Goleta. Las Vegas, NV is about 5 hours to the northeastMFCREFERBasic Qualifications- Bachelors degree from an accredited college in a related discipline with 9 plus years of related experience- Experience designing mechanical components/systems, including generation of detail drawings- Experience in the design and/or application of cryocoolers and cryogenic packaging- Understanding of, Heat Transfer, Material Science, and Mechanics- Excellent written and verbal communication skills- Ability to lead a team and build effective relationships- Ability to obtain a secret security clearance and therefore must be a U. S. CitizenDesired skills- Masters degree from an accredited college in a related discipline- Leadership and management skills and desire to lead- Solid modeling and drafting, preferably using SolidWorks- Understanding of infrared and FPA manufacturing technologies- Experience with thermal and structural analysis- Expertise with Cryocoolers and cryogenic systems- Familiar with high vacuum and ESD handling requirements- Understanding of Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T)- Transition of high technology product from Development to ProductionAs a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s team of 113,000 people works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in all 50 states and more than 570 facilities that span 70 countriesJoin us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrowLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability statusJob Location(s): Goleta California  






