Navigation Systems Engineer at MITRE in Bedford, MA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-06-04




Navigation Systems Engineer

                                                            MITRE                                                    


Bedford, MA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.
Early career position working as part of a team of experts and multi-disciplinary engineers in developing, applying, and evaluating state-of-the-art Positioning, Navigation, and Timing (PNT) techniques and technologies with a focus on Navigation Warfare (Navwar). Navwar includes Counter-PNT, PNT resilience, and PNT situational awareness. Example technical focus areas include radio frequency signal processing, satnav receiver hardening and exploitation, inertial navigation system design and implementation, end-to-end prototype development, and field test data collection, processing, and analysis. 
Key Functions:Postulate, develop, and test threats to PNT systems, methods for countering threats, and methods for detecting and characterizing threats
Advance work from the concept to real-time system-level demonstration phase (i.e. DoD technology readiness level (TRL) 1 to TRL6) 
Influence the short, mid, and long-term Navwar and PNT work programs within MITRE and sponsors 
Influence sponsors on key PNT R&D and acquisition decisions via demonstration and documentation To do this, the successful candidate will: Apply electrical engineering, systems engineering, computer science, and aerospace engineering disciplines to a diverse set of challenges 
Learn quickly on the job 
Interface directly with defense and intelligence community sponsors and other contractors










Required Qualifications:Candidates must exhibit: An exceptionally clear and structured thought process and coherent decision making skills 
The ability to adapt and expand ones skillset to solve the problem at hand
A desire to focus on technical and high impact work above all other factors 
A desire and ability to work in classified environments 
The candidate shall have academic and/or professional experience with: 
digital signal processing and stochastic processes 
state-space modeling and linear systems theory 
wireless communications 
basic antenna and radio propagation theory 
writing technical and non-technical briefings, memos, and formal reports 
Matlab or equivalent mathematical computation, modeling, and simulation tool 
real-time and non-real-time embedded systems design and programming 
basic software development, debugging, and support 
mastery of spectrum analyzers, network analyzers, oscilloscopes, frequency counters, etc.
Preferred Qualifications:The ideal candidate will have academic and/or professional experience with: Satellite navigation (Satnav) (Global Positioning Systems (GPS), Galileo, GLONASS, etc.) systems 
Satnav receiver design and algorithm implementation 
Applied electronic warfare, e.g. RF jamming and more sophisticated threats 
Kalman filter implementation, tuning, and augmentation 
Non-linear system theory, detection, and estimation 
Orbital mechanics 
Computer science, including theory, algorithms, and cryptography
Electromagnetics 
Image and video processing 
Inertial measurement unit design, error modeling, and integration 
Formal large-scale systems engineering 
Field testing (in any engineering discipline) 
Hardware, software, firmware, and integrated system prototyping 
BS and 2 years of related experience, or MS
Minimum Qualifications:
BS or equivalentLevel2
 
Secret
 
Categories



Engineering 

Information Technology 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Computer Engineering 

Antennas and Propagation 

Signal Processing 

Aerospace and Electronic Systems 

Electronics Engineer 

Instrumentation and Measurement 

Communications 








