Lead/Principal Computer Scientist (Polygraph Clearance) at MITRE in Chantilly, VA | IEEE



                            11 days old                        2018-04-272018-06-04




Lead/Principal Computer Scientist (Polygraph Clearance)

                                                            MITRE                                                    


Chantilly, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Are you looking to apply your cyber-security and systems engineering skills to have a positive impact on national security? If so, join MITRE in supporting the National Space Program's most challenging mission sets. Work with a team of highly experienced professionals, and make a real by contributing to improving national security.
The Reconnaissance Systems Engineering and Integration department is looking for a Senior Systems Security Engineer to support the National Space Program (NSP) in a cross cutting manner to coordinate strategic cyber security efforts across the NSP and the Intelligence Community. This customer oversees some of the ICs most critical work on defending the community from the cyber threat. This job is focused on mission assurance, cyber security policy, cyber resiliency, cross domain solutions and portfolio management. As a Senior cyber security leader, the successful candidate will work closely with the MITRE Portfolio Manager and the Department Head to shape the work program to ensure MITRE is supporting this customer's most critical outcomes and delivering timely and actionable recommendations. 
The candidate will be expected to:  Integrate the MITRE cybersecurity effort across the NSP organization, ensuring quality and timely delivery of all work products.  Work with the Portfolio and Program division leadership and other NSP Project Leaders to shape the MITRE work program and customer strategy.  Gain a thorough understanding of the customer's mission, environment and critical challenges and align MITRE tasks and capabilities to support their most critical outcomes.  Help define project outcomes that align to Portfolio outcomes and the goals of the customer.  Work with NSP leadership and customers to define tasks and activities. Proactively identify and ensure that the correct set of data-driven technical products are being developed that support achievement of the customers most critical goals and outcomes.  Develop and execute customer work shaping and engagement plans aligned with the overall portfolio strategy.  Track resource allocation for plan execution (e.g. level of effort, dollars, and technical staff). Develop success metrics and measure progress against them.  Monitor delivery and finances, including project funding status and take appropriate action as necessary to correct shortfalls or overruns.  Report project progress to the customer and MITRE management.  Assess customers and stakeholders perception of MITRE value and success and report customer perceptions and feedback to the Portfolio Manager.  Coordinate staffing and hiring with Portfolio Manager and Resource Managers.  Provide objective solutions and recommendations to customer challenges.  Build and sustain a trusted relationship with the customer and stakeholders
 
 










Required Qualifications: Polygraph and cybersecurity domain experience with emphasis on general cyber security policy and process, emphasis on systems security engineering, risk management and Assessment and Authorization (A&A).  Proven ability to execute customer work shaping and engagement plans aligned with the organizational goals.  Proven ability to provide objective solutions and recommendations to address customer challenges.  Ability to build and sustain trusted relationship with the customer and key stakeholders.  Strong written and verbal communication skills; effective technical presentation skills.  Strong cyber security engineering experience.  Experience successfully managing within cost and schedule constraints.  Self-starter, with an eagerness to work with ambiguity and imperfect information.
Preferred Qualifications:-Advanced degree Strong background in cyber security solutions or operations.  Proven ability to apply agile methodologies to large complex IT-based systems.  Solid understanding of trusted advisor concepts and their practical application. 
 
Minimum Qualifications: BS and 8 years related experience.
 
 
Categories



Information Technology 

Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Instrumentation and Measurement 








