Performance Engineering - Data Scientist at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            13 days old                        2018-04-252018-05-27




Performance Engineering - Data Scientist

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





We are seeking a motivated, creative Data Scientist to apply cutting edge tools and techniques to challenging problems facing the US government. This position offers the opportunity to combine systems Engineering with Data Analytics for an evidence based SE approach. You will have the opportunity to learn from seasoned data professionals in a fast paced and dynamic atmosphere. You will have the opportunity to make strategic differences and have real long term impacts. with the ability to make a difference and impact outcomes with solid analysis. Our employees are expected to work on multiple projects, cross pollinate good ideas across the government, and continuously learn. We are truly an interdisciplinary department that thrives on having a large toolbox to support data/model driven decision making. We value people who bring a positive outlook and a eagerness to learn new skills. Our department works to solve problems in the public interest, in partnership with the numerous government branches. We also actively conduct independent research of interest in support and conjunction with government and academia partners. Once established, new members of our department have latitude to work on projects of interest to them. 
The successful candidate will: 
 Be passionate about applying data analytics to real world problems.  Have an innate curiosity and interest in developing research questions and testing hypotheses with open ended tasking.  Work with a spectrum of government sponsors to gain understanding of their challenges, evaluate possible solutions and conduct insightful, actionable analyses.  Support the development and application of a variety of analytical models to sponsor challenges, with a willingness to adapt and learn.  Present results in an intuitive, actionable manner that can be understood by all sponsor audiences, regardless of technical expertise.










Required Qualifications - Candidates will be required to have: 
Candidates are required to be a US citizen capable of obtaining and maintaining US DoD clearance. 
Must have completed (or May 2018 graduation) their Bachelors degree in one of the following disciplines:  Statistics  Mathematics  Computer Science  Computer Engineering with strong academic record of 3.0 or higher GPA. 
Applicable research and or internship experience in science and engineering.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills Demonstrated ability to manipulate large datasets.
Experience with analytic tools such as Python, SAS, MATLAB, JavaScript, R, Java.
Preference will be given to candidates with DoD clearance. Desired skills/ experience includes: 
 
 Experience working with databases (e.g., Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, MongoDB) 
 Data Visualization tools and techniques such as Tableau, OBIEE, C#, JQuery, Shiny 
 Ability to formulate complex algorithms and process to solve complex data problems 
 Research experience in science and engineering 
 Software Development experience in a shared environment leveraging tools such as Git, Subversion
 
Categories



Information Technology 

Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Software Engineering 

Computer Engineering 








