Avionics Systems Engineer - ELSYS -1427 at Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) in Atlanta, GA | IEEE



                            1 day old                        2018-05-072018-06-05




Avionics Systems Engineer - ELSYS -1427

Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) 


Atlanta, GA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
1427




Title: Avionics Systems Engineer - ELSYS -1427 
                 JobID: 1427 
                 Location: Atlanta, GA 
                 Description: ELSYS AVIONICS SYSTEMS ENGINEER

ATLANTA - MIDTOWN BUILDING
This position supports system integration and software development projects for Department of Defense aircraft improvement programs.  As a Systems Engineer you will need to:

Develop system level requirements from customer requirements, decompose and allocate requirements into system design describing the architecture structure, and allocation of behavior and data interfaces to hardware and software components.
Technically coordinate a cross-functional team to develop technical solutions for our DoD customer ensuring all products meet allocated requirements and design
Serve as the technical expert on assigned projects and systems including use models, associated products’ capabilities, system interfaces, engineering tools, and the roadmap for current and future updates. The candidate will utilize this expertise to advice the customer and promote the customer’s position in meetings.
Manage the product backlog and system deficiency reports. 
Utilize existing system specifications, interface definitions, and aircraft drawings in the development of solutions.
Ensure that all technical work is performed and documented to appropriate professional standards.
Design and manage the laboratory configuration for assigned projects.
Integrate system products in laboratory and fielded settings. Analyze flight and laboratory data to determine if system requirements and project objectives are met; and isolate anomalies to hardware and software components.
Develop quantitative feasibility analyses on possible solutions toward increasing system effectiveness and ability to integrate new technologies.

Required Skills: 

Experience in system engineering processes and methodologies applicable to complex military systems development.
Strong  collaboration, organization, teaming and communication abilities
Ability to work well individually or in a group setting
Ability to work under pressure and time constraints
Ability to create and deliver technical presentations effectively.
Minimum 5 years of applicable experience in a technical field

Preferred Skills:

Experience processing and analyzing data with tools such as Python or R.
Experience with 1553 data bus, avionics systems, Electronic Warfare systems, tactical data links, military radios, and open systems architectures
Experience designing systems using SysML.
Experience with system security and safety engineering.
Experience with configuration management and requirements management systems.
Experience directing small teams of employees as a task leader
Active DOD clearance

Other Requirements: 

Educational Requirements:

Research Engineer II (meet one of the following)

A Master’s in Engineering or related degree and three (3) years of relevant full-time experience after completion of that degree,
A Master’s degree and five (5) years of relevant full-time experience after completion of a Bachelor’s degree, or
A Doctoral degree

Senior Research Engineer (meet one of the following)

A Master’s in Engineering or related degree and seven (7) years of relevant full-time experience after completion of that degree,
A Master’s degree and nine (9) years of relevant full-time experience after completion of a Bachelor’s degree, or
A Doctoral degree and four (4) years' relevant full-time experience. For candidates holding the Doctoral degree


US Citizen and eligible for DOD clearance

ABOUT GEORGIA TECH RESEARCH INSTITUTE:
GTRI is a group of world-class engineers and scientists, solving challenging problems for our customers through innovation, cutting edge applied research, and a collaborative work environment. 
We have been recognized as one of Atlanta’s Best Places to Work by the Atlanta Business Chronicle 4 of the last 5 years, and offer competitive pay, excellent benefits, and a great location.  Professional growth opportunities include support for advanced degrees, patent rights, and freedom for approved outside consulting, periodic special courses on technical and leadership topics, and support for paper preparation and presentation.




Categories



Engineering 








