Computer Scientist, Staff at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-05-20




Computer Scientist, Staff

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.
Minimum Qualifications:Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or similar field. Candidate should possess the ability to be responsible for deliverables or parts of deliverables to MITRE customers.
Required Qualifications:
Hands-on experience in one or more current programming languages/technologies such as Python, C#, C++, Java, Ruby, .NET, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, etc.
Experienced with Software Engineering, Development, and Architecture in Commercial cloud environments. 
Candidate must possess excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Ability to successfully obtain a TS/SCI clearance with poly 
Degree in computer science, electrical engineering, software systems engineering, or a related technical fieldPreferred Qualifications:
Working knowledge and use of commercial and open source tools, and modern operating systems.
Demonstrated technical leadership 
Experience applying data sciences techniques, to include artificial intelligence, machine learning, statistical modeling and data visualization
Experience developing in a cloud environment and/or migrating capability to a commercial cloud. 
Understanding of Big Data tools (e.g., NoSQL DB, Hadoop, Mongo DB, ElasticSearch). 
Experience in agile software development paradigm (e.g., Scrum, XP), continuous software integration, test and deployment.
Experience with Amazon Web Services (EC2, RDS) Knowledge of Database systems, architecture and development, as well as MapReduce/Hadoop, Accumulo and NoSQL technologies. 
Experience with automated testing and deployment tools (e.g. GitLab, Cloud Formation, SaltStack, Ansible, Puppet, Chef, Jenkins, and Selenium) 
Security +, CISSP or equivalent certification 
Familiarity with Agile software development methods and continuous integration/continuous deployment tools and technique. 
Categories



Information Technology 

Marketing/Sales 

Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Software Engineering 

Design/Development Engineering 

Computer Engineering 








