Software Development Lead Engineer - 00047990 at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-05-20




Software Development Lead Engineer - 00047990

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.
 
Are you interested in developing, automating and improving capabilities to address technical issues of national importance and making a direct mission impact? In the Defense Intelligence Department, you can apply and expand software development and data skills to recommend solutions to large-scale data challenges.  Join our team to develop automated methods to ingest and analyze large datasets; conduct data analysis and data modeling; and develop prototype capabilities. The candidate will be expected to work independently, with analysts, and with Data Scientists to develop new workflows and approaches to answer questions of national significance.  MITRE offers a collaborative team environment that fosters autonomy, flexibility and a healthy work-life balance. You will be eligible for generous retirement, education assistance, student loan repayment, and fitness reimbursement programs that reflect MITREs long-term commitment to employees. The MITRE Corporation is a not-for-profit company that works to improve the safety and security of our nation.  MITRE operates seven federally funded research and development centers (FFRDCs), and provides innovative, integrated solutions for critical challenges in defense and intelligence, aviation, civil systems, homeland security, the judiciary, healthcare, and cybersecurity. You can find out more at https://www.mitre.org/centers/we-operate-ffrdcs.
Key Functions:The successful candidate will work with Defense Intelligence customers to identify requirements and prototype cloud-based solutions, leverage Open Source capabilities, and define and develop solutions to meet multi-source analytical needs. 










Minimum Education/Experience: 
BS and 8 years related experience
 
Required Qualifications:
Hands-on experience in one or more current programming languages/technologies such as Python, C#, C++, Java, Ruby, .NET, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, etc.
Experienced with Software Engineering, Development, and Architecture in Commercial cloud environments. 
Candidate must possess excellent interpersonal and communication skills
A current TS clearance and ability to successfully obtain a TS/SCI clearance with poly 
Degree in computer science, electrical engineering, software systems engineering, or a related technical field Preferred Qualifications:
Working knowledge and use of commercial and open source tools, and modern operating systems.
Demonstrated technical leadership 
Experience applying data sciences techniques, to include artificial intelligence, machine learning, statistical modeling and data visualization
Experience developing in a cloud environment and/or migrating capability to a commercial cloud. understanding of Big Data tools (e.g., NoSQL DB, Hadoop, Mongo DB, ElasticSearch). 
Experience in agile software development paradigm (e.g., Scrum, XP), continuous software integration, test and deployment.
Experience with Amazon Web Services (EC2, RDS) Knowledge of Database systems, architecture and development, as well as MapReduce/Hadoop, Accumulo and NoSQL technologies. 
Experience with automated testing and deployment tools (e.g. GitLab, Cloud Formation, SaltStack, Ansible, Puppet, Chef, Jenkins, and Selenium)
Security +, CISSP or equivalent certification 
Familiarity with Agile software development methods and continuous integration/continuous deployment tools and techniques 
Categories



Information Technology 

Marketing/Sales 

Biotechnology / Science 

Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Software Engineering 

Design/Development Engineering 

Research 








