Division Chief, Communications, Systems and Spectrum Division - ICL- 1411 at Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) in Atlanta, GA | IEEE



                            1 day old                        2018-05-072018-06-05




Division Chief, Communications, Systems and Spectrum Division - ICL- 1411

Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) 


Atlanta, GA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
1411




Title: Division Chief, Communications, Systems and Spectrum Division - ICL- 1411 
                 JobID: 1411 
                 Location: Atlanta, GA 
                 Description: A full-time, permanent position is available starting June 2017 as the Chief for the Communications, Systems, and Spectrum Division of the Information and Communications Laboratory at GTRI. We are searching for an engineer and division leader with an MS or PhD and 10+ years of experience in communications, especially in Ground Electronic Warfare, Spectrum sharing, Software Defined Radios, or RF signal processing, with management experience.  The candidate would work with lab leadership to expand existing advanced communications research programs, target key DoD customers to grow ICL’s communication systems research portfolio, and be responsible for building and leading a division of engineers directing and supporting those efforts.  Technical interests of the candidates should be closely in line with integration of communications systems concepts into a broad range of DoD systems, including data links (ground to air data links, etc), spectrum management, and communications in ground EW techniques. Furthermore, technical awareness of advanced communications research topics (including dynamic spectrum access, communication systems, software defined radio) as well as Test and Evaluation of such systems would be beneficial.

The candidate will need to be able to identify innovative avenues of research, gain funding to support this research, and successfully lead engineers and students to achieve research milestones and meet customer deliverables.  The candidate must be able to communicate complex technical material clearly to a wide variety of audiences including academia, conference proceedings, management, business development leads, prospective customers and existing customers.  A knowledge of Department of Defense (DoD) communication systems and programs is necessary.
The basic responsibilities include:

Technical focus and interest in area of advanced communications research
Integration of Communications Systems across DoD services.
Electronic Warfare Systems knowledge
Collaborate with multiple technical teams both internal and external to the organization to promote research
Work with PIs, lab leadership, and other GTRI leaders to ensure appropriate staffing to successfully complete project objectives 
Manage personnel and budgets within the division
Business development leadership and coordination – in coordination with lab leadership, build customer relations, identify BD opportunities, coordinate communications, build proposal teams.


Perform Division administrative tasks, including approving travel, reviewing purchases, addressing personnel issues, communicating division, lab, and institute items with personnel, and actively participating in lab management activities.
Knowledge of and experience with DoD key customers

Senior Research Scientist

A Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Physics or related field and seven (7) years of relevant full-time experience after completion of that degree,
A Master’s degree and nine (9) years of relevant full-time experience after completion of a Bachelor’s degree, or
A Doctoral degree and four (4) years' relevant full-time experience.

Principal Research Scientist   


A Master's degree in Electrical Engineering, Physics or related fieldand eleven (11) years' relevant full-time experience; or

A Doctoral degree and seven (7) years' relevant full-time experience.

The projects are based in 250 14th St, NW, Atlanta, on the Georgia Tech campus. Some travel will be required in presenting research, developing business, meeting with customers and demonstrating applied solutions.
Candidate must be a US citizen eligible for a TS/SCI DoD security clearance. An active clearance is not required at time of application but is highly preferred.




Categories



Engineering 

Electronics Engineer 








