Engineering Intern - Quantico, VA at MITRE in Stafford, VA 22554 | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-05-18




Engineering Intern - Quantico, VA

                                                            MITRE                                                    


Stafford, VA 22554 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Do you want to join our 300 interns for a summer full of learning, networking, and fun?  Do you want to contribute to solving our nations most critical problems?  Do you want to be mentored by engineers and scientists that are experts in their fields? 
 
MITRE engineers are committed to tackling our nations toughest problems.  We are different from most technology companies.  We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do.  The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation.   Were making a difference every day  working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world.  Our workplace reflects our values.  We want you to come as an intern and then join us upon completing your degree so that you can experience the gratifying work, our competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth.
 










							  
Required Qualifications

Candidate should anticipate a degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Data Analytics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or equivalent.Preferred Qualifications

Be a self-starter, possess the ability to work in a team environment, able to solve problems, and possess a strong work ethic.Minimum Qualifications

Applicants selected for this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information

Applicants must currently be pursuing an undergraduate degree

Immediate family of MITRE employees are not eligible for internships 
Categories



Information Technology 

Computer Engineering 








