Lead/Principal Computer Scientist (Polygraph Clearance) at MITRE in Chantilly, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-06-04




Lead/Principal Computer Scientist (Polygraph Clearance)

                                                            MITRE                                                    


Chantilly, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Join MITRE to help solve the US Intelligence Communitys hardest problems. The ideal candidate will leverage their software system expertise in cloud technologies and big data solutions to provide technical advice to our sponsors.
Key Functions: Manage, communicate, and contribute to enterprise architecture efforts, engineering trade-off analysis and feasibility studies, proof-of-concept prototypes to explore technical implementation options and issues, engineering reviews, technical design and implementation  bringing commercial best practices to bear.  As part of a cross functional team, architect and design end-to-end cloud computing solutions to address customer technical challenges.  Provide unbiased independent assessments and recommendations for improvement of the cyber-security solutions developed under contract for the customers IC Cloud and Data Services.  Give recommendations to the government on courses of action, areas to watch, and other topics as needed in the cloud technologies domain.
 










Required Qualifications:Polygraph and strong depth in application development, distributed systems architecture, data engineering, or enterprise infrastructure.  Creative approaches for customers facing tough situations  Superior customer engagement and communication skills to work seamlessly across MITRE, government and contractor teams.  Current and extensive experience in Linux OS configuration and administration, e.g. RHEL 6 and higher. Experience with Containers, LDAP, etc. would be nice.  Hands-on experience in current programming languages/technologies such as C#, C++, Java, J2EE, .NET, JavaScript, etc.  Knowledge of web services, Internet technologies, Internet protocols, Service Oriented Architectures (SOA), SOAP/XML/UDDI  Knowledge of Database systems, architecture and development  preferably related to Big Data (MapReduce/Hadoop) and NoSQL technologies as well as RDBMSs.
Preferred Qualifications: Demonstrated ability to provide leadership, team building, motivation, and guidance to staff.  Prior professional experience in United States Intelligence Community support.  Familiarity with the IC ITE initiative.  Broad knowledge of cloud architecture
Minimum Qualifications:BS and 8 years related experience.
 
 






