Staff Data Scientist - McLean, VA at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-06-04




Staff Data Scientist - McLean, VA

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.
 
We are currently seeking a Data Scientist to participate in and/or lead the development of deliverable content that meets the needs of the government customer.  In this role, you will be utilizing strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills and exercising mature judgment.  Also you will be performing metrics-based evaluations of new technologies from research organizations to determine potential contributions. 
 










Required Qualifications:

Bachelors degree in Applied Mathematics and Operations Research or related discipline.

Possess knowledge of state-of-the-art methods coupled with the creativity and intelligence to advance beyond them. 

Experienced with solving complex data centric problems by using analytical thinking and development tools in an academic or professional setting. 

Possess skills related to being an analyst, architect, programmer, communicator, operations engineer and trusted adviser. 

Ability to demonstrate strong communication skills and  able and willing to collaborate as part of any project team.

Candidate must be able to obtain and maintain a DoD secret clearance which will require US Citizenship.Desired Qualifications:
Experienced with applying understanding in one or more of the following areas to real world problems for government customers in the interest of national security, Probability, Stochastic Processes, Statistics, Linear and Nonlinear Programming, Optimization, Simulation, Stochastic Calculus, Mathematical Programming. 
Experience with cybersecurity including academic projects.
Possess an interim or an active DoD secret clearance. 






