Test Engineer - ELSYS - 1426 at Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) in Atlanta, GA | IEEE



                            1 day old                        2018-05-072018-06-05




Test Engineer - ELSYS - 1426

Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) 


Atlanta, GA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
1426




Title: Test Engineer - ELSYS - 1426 
                 JobID: 1426 
                 Location: Atlanta, GA 
                 Description: This position supports system and software test of embedded and Windows software for Department of Defense aircraft improvement programs.  As a Test Engineer you will need to:


Develop and update test plans, procedures and report documentation.
Execute developed test procedures and document results in a formal setting.
Technically coordinate a cross-functional team to develop test solutions for our DoD customer ensuring all products meet allocated requirements and design through formal testing.
Maintain and create test scripts, files and data that support formal testing.
Work in an integrated product team and understand system and unit level requirements in order to create test plans and procedures.
Utilize existing system specifications, interface definitions, and aircraft avionics in the development of test procedures.
Ensure that all technical work is performed and documented to appropriate professional standards.
Develop test estimates for proposed work and status current tasking.

Required Skills: 

Experience in test engineering processes and methodologies applicable to complex military systems development.
Manual, ad hoc, black and white box testing.
Strong collaboration, organization, teaming and communication abilities.
Ability to work well individually or in a group setting.
Ability to work under pressure and time constraints.
Ability to create and deliver technical presentations effectively.
Minimum 5 years of applicable experience in a technical field.
Active DOD clearance

Preferred Skills:

Python or similar scripting language.
Experience with 1553 data bus, avionics systems, Electronic Warfare systems, tactical data links, military radios, and open systems architectures.
Experience with system security and safety engineering.
Experience with configuration management and requirements management systems.
Experience directing small teams of employees as a task leader

Other Requirements: 
Research Engineer I

A Bachelor's degree - Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Systems Engineering or related field.  Some post graduate education is preferred.
MUST BE US Citizen and eligible for DOD clearance

ABOUT GEORGIA TECH RESEARCH INSTITUTE:
GTRI is a group of world-class engineers and scientists, solving challenging problems for our customers through innovation, cutting edge applied research, and a collaborative work environment. 
We have been recognized as one of Atlanta’s Best Places to Work by the Atlanta Business Chronicle 4 of the last 5 years, and offer competitive pay, excellent benefits, and a great location.  Professional growth opportunities include support for advanced degrees, patent rights, and freedom for approved outside consulting, periodic special courses on technical and leadership topics, and support for paper preparation and presentation.




Categories



Engineering 








