Database Engineer - CIPHER - 1668 at Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) in Atlanta, GA | IEEE



                            1 day old                        2018-05-072018-06-05




Database Engineer - CIPHER - 1668

Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) 


Atlanta, GA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
1668




Title: Database Engineer - CIPHER - 1668 
                 JobID: 1668 
                 Location: Atlanta, GA 
                 Description: The Cybersecurity, Information Protection, Hardware & Evaluation Research Lab (CIPHER) is looking to hire an entry-level database engineer to assist in the design, development, and maintenance of relational databases which are the backend to secure multi-tier web applications and services. This position requires the ability to design, architect, and build databases from business requirements – with a key focus of providing security, performance, and scalability at all layers of the architecture. This includes planning and deployment of these databases in both development and production environments. Position entails close interaction with application-layer software developers in order to optimize overall application design, including performance modeling and query generation, review, and optimization.

Primary responsibilities

Design and development of appropriate data structures given business requirements
Extensive focus on securing data
Implementation of requirements in an RDBMS using SQL and procedural code (Oracle SQL and PL/SQL; PostgreSQL SQL and PL/pgSQL; etc.)
Performance tuning – including database and SQL query monitoring, analysis, and optimization
Debugging in both development and production environments
Database architecture design and analysis

Research Engineer/Scientist I

A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related area.

Required skills

Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to work independently in a team environment
Technical diagnostic expertise including problem investigation, reproduction, and resolution
Ability to acquire new skills efficiently
Experience writing and analyzing SQL queries
Hands-on experience with Linux/command-line interfaces

Preferred skills

Knowledge of database and query tuning techniques
Hands-on experience with Oracle RDBMS, SQL, PL/SQL
Hands-on experience with PostgreSQL RDBMS, SQL, PL/pgSQL
Hands-on experience with cloud environments such as Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Experience with modern source code version control systems (Git)

Qualifications

US Citizen, no foreign ties
Ability to obtain and maintain a Department of Defense (DoD) Top Secret security clearance. 
2+ years' experience in applicable areas
Willing to pursue advanced degree

Hiring Process
Selection process includes passing pre-employment background and security screening. 
About GTRI
The Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) is a highly-regarded applied research and development organization. Each day, GTRI’s science and engineering expertise is used to solve some of the toughest problems facing government and industry across the nation and around the globe.
GTRI and the Georgia Institute of Technology (Georgia Tech) are complementary institutions that work together to solve customers' technical problems. Our strong connection to Georgia Tech opens the door to the vast intellectual resources of one of America’s leading research universities. We offer stability, world-class benefits, and a flexible career path in an applied research and development environment.




Categories



Engineering 








