Senior/Lead Software Systems Engineer (TS/SCI Polygraph Clearance) at MITRE in Annapolis Junction, MD | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-232018-06-04




Senior/Lead Software Systems Engineer (TS/SCI Polygraph Clearance)

                                                            MITRE                                                    


Annapolis Junction, MD 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. 
 
MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. 

This role contributes to the design, development, and analysis of cloud computing technologies including distributed computing approaches such as MapReduce and data analytics.
 










Required Qualifications:
Windows and Unix/Linux:  Development experience with Java, PIG, HTML, Scala  Experience in cloud computing technologies and cloud based architectures.  Experience in one or more scripting languages (Ruby, Python, Perl, etc.)  Ability to work and communicate in a team environment  Ability to work in an agile, dynamic environment  Excellent written and verbal communications skills.
Preferred Qualifications:* Experience with large data sets/analysis  Training or experience with HPC or distributed programming environments such as Hadoop/MapReduce  Data mining, Data scientist
Minimum Qualifications: BS Degree, TS/SCI with Polygraph, and 3 years' related experience.
 
 
Categories



Engineering 

Information Technology 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Communications 








