Data Engineer - Enterprise Strategic Analytics at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-04-042018-06-04




Data Engineer - Enterprise Strategic Analytics

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





 
Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.
 
MITRE's Enterprise Strategic Analytics (ESA) department was chartered as the corporate go-to organization to answer our most difficult management questions. We provide advanced and predictive analytic solutions and situational awareness for executive leadership. Our staff collaborate across the company to elicit needs, shape solutions, and deliver sustainable products that support strategic decisions. We are a team of hands-on practitioners with technical, domain, and consulting skills. By fusing data from multiple domains, we create the linkages and insights necessary to answer complex business questions. By applying leading analytic practices and statistically sound methods we ensure our work is robust and quality. By iterating with our stakeholders and developing usable visualizations we deliver relevant and timely business insights. By bringing our best in partnership, we position MITRE and its corporate operations for success in delivering work in the public interest.
Key Functions

Discover and extract or obtain feeds of data from a variety of corporate production and ad-hoc repositories for ESA use

Transform data to meet ESA needs including data cleansing, harmonizing, linking/fusing

Prepare and process data to be suitable to anticipated and ad-hoc analyses by data scientist and analyst colleagues, including necessary metadata and provenance

Architect, model, manage, and optimize ESA data repositories

Select and apply leading data modeling/ETL/management tools and techniques to enable sustainable data solutions

Apply leading data quality and integrity practices and technologies to foster stewardship of ESA data throughout its full lifecycleJob Responsibilities

Synthesize business objectives, processes, and tools to formulate appropriate approaches for the modeling and management of ESA data solutions

Represent ESA data expertise in major strategic initiatives across the company including advanced and predictive analytics of corporate data to inform executive decisions regarding people, projects, sponsors, and infrastructure

Proactively identify, design and implement systems and methods to improve capability, performance, and fitness-for-use of ESA data solutions

Partner with data and system owners across the organization to facilitate the proper flow of data and meet expectations for timeliness, relevance, quality, security, and privacy

Evaluate and advise on data management alternatives and solutions to inform decision makers
 
Required Qualifications

Proven, deep data modeling, transformation, and management skillsspecifically in support of modeling and analytics use cases versus transactional production systems or reporting use cases

Robust, high quality development ability (SQL) including query optimization/tuning and complex joins in relational databases and data marts; exposure to vertical/column store and Hadoop environments desired

Substantial data preparation and modeling tool expertise including leading data engines (e.g., Oracle, SQL Server, Hadoop), ETL (e.g., DataStage, Python, Pentaho), and other tools (e.g., InfoSphere)

Some data analysis experience preferred (e.g., correlation, hypothesis testing, sensitivity analysis, machine learning) as well as common analysis tools (e.g., R, Tableau, @Risk, RapidMiner)

Experience using team collaboration and source code/change management tools and working with agile approaches and tools

Self-starter and problem solver, able to scope an undefined problem and drive it to completion

Exposure to corporate finance and operations concepts

Experience working across multiple functions (e.g., operations, IT) and business units

Continuous improvement mentality with the capacity to drive change

Effective written and oral communication skillsBachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, or math
 
Categories



Management 

Consulting 








