Research and Development Engineer / Cambridge, MA at Lockheed Martin in Cambridge, MA | IEEE



                            27 days old                        2018-04-112018-05-11




Research and Development Engineer / Cambridge, MA

                                                            Lockheed Martin                                                    


Cambridge, MA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
429556BR





Lockheed Martin Energy Storage is commercializing a new class of flow battery technology for low-cost, grid-scale energy storage. We are seeking an exceptional research engineer with expertise developing cation exchange membranes for electro-chemical applications. The successful candidate will have a strong background in applying fundamental principles towards solving technical challenges in an industrial environment. They will possess broad knowledge of the structure-property relationships of cation exchange membranes and proficiency in the principles governing their function. The individual will work closely with a team of scientists and engineers to develop a mechanistic understanding of membrane degradation modes in this new application and construct models parameterizing these degradation modes. The successful candidate will excel at identifying critical technical risks and designing targeted experiments to assess identified risks. Work activities will include the planning and execution of technical experiments, test method development, method validation, test apparatus design and construction, analyzing data, and writing technical reports. The individual must be able to engage deeply in technical problems and communicate effectively with a diverse team of scientists and engineers. Experience in directing junior team members is expected. Candidates must possess excellent communication and project management skills. The Locale: Cambridge, Massachusetts and the surrounding communities offer an exciting and vibrant place to work and to live. Cambridge is just across the river from Boston and is located in eastern Massachusetts. Cambridge is home to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Harvard University. Cambridge, is also the birthplace of many startup companies due to the high amount of brain power produced by these schools and also from nearby Tufts University, Boston College, Boston University, Brandies University, Wellesley College, Babson College, and Northeastern University. Nearby communities would include scenic coastal towns such as Swampscott, Salem, and Marblehead. To the west are communities such as Belmont, Brookline, Watertown, Waltham, Lincoln, and Concord. Our Lockheed Martin AES site is located somewhat close to the Alewife Station which is a major MBTA transit hub with access to the Red Line with service to Boston and bus lines with service to surrounding neighborhoods and adjacent communities. If you like living in right in the city, or out in the suburbs, or near the ocean, our location will have offer ample choices for you. Where can you get to from Cambridge and Boston? Cape Cod is less than 90 minutes to the southeast. The White Mountains of New Hampshire are 2.5 hours to the north. Providence, RI is about 2 hours to the southwest. Montreal is about 5 hours to the northwestBasic Qualifications• Bachelor's degree in science or engineering in a relevant field and at least 5 years of experience in research and development post-graduation or a PhD in a relevant field and at least 3 years of experience in research and development post-graduation. • Expert knowledge of cation exchange membrane fundamentals and a demonstrated ability to apply this knowledge solving technical challenges in a product development environment. • Knowledge of experimental design and ability to apply statistical methods to support data based decision making• Proven ability to prioritize, plan, and drive projects to completion• Demonstrated ability to adapt and respond to rapidly evolving program needs• Ability to effectively interact and influence cross-functional teams, as well as work independently• Excellent written and verbal communicationDesired skills• Experience developing cation exchange membranes for flow batteries or other electrochemical applications• Expertise in aqueous electrochemistry• Experience leading root cause and corrective action analyses in a product development program. • Working knowledge of flow batteries, fuel-cells or other electrochemical energy storage devicesAs a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territoriesJoin us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrowLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability statusJob Location(s): Cambridge Massachusetts  






