POI Data Labeling Specialist, Machine Learning at Apple Inc. in Cupertino, CA | IEEE



                            22 days old                        2018-04-162018-05-15




POI Data Labeling Specialist, Machine Learning

                                                            Apple Inc.                                                    


Cupertino, CA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
113640197





Changing the world is all in a day's work at Apple. If you love innovation, here's your chance to make a career of it. You'll work hard. But the job comes with more than a few perksA job at Apple is unlike any other you’ve had. You’ll be challenged. You’ll be inspired. And you’ll be proud. If you are a self-motivated team player, who thrives in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment, passionate about building great products and learning new technologies, this is the job for you Key Qualifications: • 5+ years of experience in a technology-related operations, customer support, project management, investigations, analysis, or equivalent environment •* Experience working with a team of software engineers, data scientists, analysts and other internal stakeholders •* Manage multiple projects, tight deadlines, changing priorities, and deliver results with limited supervision •* Excellent writing skills with an ability to document detailed and clear instructions for procedures •* Passion for quality, attention to detail, and enthusiasm to develop deep product knowledge •* Structured thinking and experience with breaking down complex problems and driving execution •* Ability to observe systemic patterns on problems and devise innovative solutions •* Research and analyze information and data using multiple tools •* Experience with building taxonomies, categorization, classification, cataloging •* Excellent verbal communication skills and proactive communicator •* Fluency with multiple languages is a huge plus Description: Investigate problems and prioritize solutions for Maps POI Special Programs team. Ability to view problems from an end-user's perspective and apply creative thinking when coming up with solutions. Facilitate and participate in crowd sourcing efforts on various projects for Apple Maps Point-Of-Interest team. Define clear guidelines and procedures for external vendors to carry out certain tasks. Proactively communicate concerns, trends, and impact to internal stakeholders. Self-driven and ability to work in a dynamic and fast paced environment. Collaborate and consult with cross-functional teams on key projects Education: Bachelor's Degree Preferred Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities   






