Senior Social/Behavioral Scientist - Cyber at MITRE in McLean, VA | IEEE



                            1+ months                        2018-03-122018-05-27




Senior Social/Behavioral Scientist - Cyber

                                                            MITRE                                                    


McLean, VA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now





Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challengesand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITREand make a difference with us.
 
The MITRE Corporation is a not-for-profit organization chartered to work in the public interest - we help government agencies objectively address meaningful and exciting challenges of critical national importance, with no commercial conflicts to influence our work, our decisions, and our recommendations. Our highly skilled, multi-disciplined social and behavioral scientists play a vital role in collaborative, interdisciplinary teams to develop transformative solutions, all while allowing our employees to maintain a healthy work/life balance. We're making a difference every dayworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world.
 
In this position, you will work with an internal team and outside experts to apply behavioral science theories, methods, and techniques, including: experimental design and quasi-experimental design, qualitative data collection (e.g., surveys, interview, focus groups), quantitative and qualitative data analysis, testing and evaluation, and theories of individual and group behavior.
 
Key Functions
The position involves advancing MITRE's capability to apply the social and behavioral sciences to critical national security issues. 
 
Long-term project work will focus on applying behavioral science expertise to projects focused on the intersection of human behavior and cybersecurity. These may include research and development of insider threat indicators, consultations on assessment of human behavior using cyber data, development of more usable security, cybersecurity teams, human tolerance of autonomy, cyber risk perception, and cybersecurity exercise support. Research or operational experience in insider threat or aspects of cybersecurity are highly desirable, but not required. In addition to activities like these, opportunities exist for our social and behavioral scientists to conduct original research and develop innovative methods, applications, and capabilities. Project durations are subject to change, as are project focus areas. The successful candidate will be flexible and adaptable, having a broad range of behavioral science skills.
 










Required Qualifications
 
Masters Degree, 3 years applied behavioral science experience, and strong skills in human data collection approaches such as experimental methods, survey methods, quantitative analysis, and qualitative analysis. 
 
Preferred Qualifications
 
PhD in a social/behavioral science discipline (e.g., psychology, economics, organizational sciences, sociology, anthropology), 1-2 years of experience in cyber, and 1 year of leadership experience. Top Secret or TS/SCI clearance.
 
Minimum Qualifications
 
Masters Degree, 3 years applied behavioral science experience, and strong skills in human data collection approaches such as experimental methods, survey methods, quantitative analysis, and qualitative analysis.  
Categories



Biotechnology / Science 

Research 








