Research Scientist (Electronics) at Honeywell Aerospace in Plymouth, Minnesota 55441 | IEEE


                            14 days old                        2018-04-232018-05-23




Research Scientist (Electronics)

                                                            Honeywell Aerospace                                                    


Plymouth, Minnesota 55441 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
HRD17579

Job TypeEmployee
Job StatusFull Time
Shift1st Shift




We’re looking for an exceptional experimental scientist to join our Advanced Technology team. In this role, you’ll have the unique opportunity to explore new paradigm-changing technologies that could shape future products for the Aerospace industry. This is an exciting and distinctive opportunity to operate on the frontier of microsystem sensor development, championing technologies from initial concept through product launch. 
 
In this role, you will be responsible for conducting research, development and demonstration of advanced sensor concepts that will result in new technologies. You will act as a technology leader championing innovative sensor modalities from initial concept through product launch. You will be responsible for developing new concepts, writing proposals and prototyping new technologies.
 


Develop new concepts, write proposals, and create and test hardware prototypes.


Transform customer requirements into innovative prototypes based on creative design and rigorous analysis


Help drive growth as a technology expert by interfacing with internal and external customers and partners


 
YOU MUST HAVE
 


Master’s Degree


4 years industry or academic research experience


 
WE VALUE
 


Ph.D. degree in Electrical Engineering, Physics, Applied Physics, or equivalent 


Demonstrated expertise in 2 or more of the below fields and/or skills within in the last 4 years: 




Experience with a wide variety of analog, RF, Microwave and mmWave theory and applications. Spanning active, passive, filters and impedance matching implementations along with critical support elements such as low noise power supplies and shielding.


Design, layout and optimization of miniature chip-on-board or RF/Microwave hybrid circuits


Design of low power discrete RF receivers and transmitters.   Both custom and standards based implementations. Understanding of DoD C3 and commercial IoT system trends.


Development of analog and digital PID controllers/servos 


Experience with off the shelf and custom frequency synthesis architectures and circuits


Proficient in the use of AWR or Keysight RF CAD tools


Experience in the use of finite element tools for EM, thermal and multi-physics simulation


Experience in RFIC and mixed signal IC design and layout


Experience programming microcontrollers for control of electronic systems


Familiarity with high frequency test equipment and the use of NI LabView to control their operation




Enthusiasm for learning about new technologies and engaging difficult technical problems


Creativity, technical curiosity and breadth of knowledge


Ability to work directly with sponsors and customers


Excellent written and communication skills


Track record of innovation and ability to solve hard, complex problems 


Broad laboratory skills


Broad software toolbox for data acquisition, data analysis, design, modeling, and/or simulation


Industrial design talent


Manage and understand complex customer requirements and manage stakeholders


Ability to work directly with sponsors and customers


Solve complex problems through analysis and innovation


Understanding of industry standards


 
Apply using Req# HRD17579 
Requirements


Master’s Degree


4 years industry or academic research experience


Categories



Aerospace and Electronic Systems 

Design/Development Engineering 

Electronics Engineer 

Research 





