Front-End Web Application Developer - ELSYS - 1623 at Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) in Atlanta, GA | IEEE



                            1 day old                        2018-05-072018-06-05




Front-End Web Application Developer - ELSYS - 1623

Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) 


Atlanta, GA 




                                Add to Favorites

Share Job



Apply Now






Job Code
1623




Title: Front-End Web Application Developer - ELSYS - 1623 
                 JobID: 1623 
                 Location: Atlanta, GA 
                 Description: This job is for a full-time research faculty position in the Systems Engineering Software Applications Branch (SESA) performing frontend web development. This position will entail working with senior developers to gain experience in architecting front-end software and eventually leading teams or larger tasks. 

Our research group is predominantly focused on the creation of collaborative, browser-based tools to support large-scale data visualization and systems engineering design for complex systems. 
We are not a commercial development house, most of the development projects we do are six-month to year-long cycles developing, maintaining or augmenting both full web applications and more specialized browser-based tools for our sponsors. 
This job affords considerable intellectual freedom to solve our customer's problems within the constraints of a project.  We also strive to use open source software and tools wherever possible. 
Responsibilities
* Develop and support of client side for web applications
* Submit and participate in peer code reviews
* Writing client side unit and integration tests
* Participate and contribute to design of web components and functions (UI / UX, larger architectural concerns, backend communication, etc)
* Communicate clearly and concisely with fellow team members in all domains, including non-technical audiences
* Additionally, this position may be required to perform other responsibilities as assigned
Qualifications
Research Scientist I

A Bachlor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Human System Interaction, or other related technical degree with two years experience in software architecture and development  

Research Scientist II
In addition to the years-in-rank requirement, this rank requires one (1) of the following:

A Master’s degree  in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Human System Interaction, or other related technical degree with two years experience in software architecture and development and three (3) years of relevant full-time experience after completion of that degree,
A Doctoral degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Human System Interaction, or other related technical degree with two years experience in software architecture and development.

* Ability to acquire a clearance
* Experience with frontend technologies including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
* Configuration management tools (e.g. git)
* Experience with frontend package management (e.g. npm)
* Familiarity with any flavor of linux operating system and command line environments
* Familiarity with asynchronous JS programming concepts (e.g. promises, streams, callbacks, etc.)




Categories



Information Technology 

Marketing/Sales 

Education 

Engineering 

Computer Programming/Systems 

Software Engineering 

Design/Development Engineering 

Computer Engineering 

Faculty 








